<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Medical
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>423450
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Medical, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia, PA, 19111-5096, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>65 -- Heater Unit
<SOLNBR>0014830603
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>12262007
<CONTACT>Liliana  Jimenez, Contracting Officer, Phone 215-737-0853, Fax 215-737-7197, Email Liliana.Jimenez@dla.mil - Liliana  Jimenez, Contracting Officer, Phone 215-737-0853, Fax 215-737-7197, Email Liliana.Jimenez@dla.mil
<DESC>Item Description: Heater Unit (Emergo Technical Solutions Part Number 93-8400.00)

Qty: 85 ea

Ship to:
Cardinal Health MPS Distribution Center
Attn: Susan Rossum PH# 909-974-3743
4550 East Philadelphia Street 
Ontario, CA 91761

100% Small Business Set-Aside
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-M/0014830603/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP)
<LOCATION>Office of Acquisition
<ZIP>20228
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>323119
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP), Office of Acquisition, 14th & C Streets, S.W., Washington, DC, 20228, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>99 -- 2500 SPEEDY HEAD
<SOLNBR>08EM-0009
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>12262007
<CONTACT>Yvette Anderson, Contract Specialist, Phone 202-874-3151, Fax 202-874-3135, Email yvette.anderson@bep.treas.gov - Yvette Anderson, Contract Specialist, Phone 202-874-3151, Fax 202-874-3135, Email yvette.anderson@bep.treas.gov
<DESC>The Bureau of Engraving and Printing intends to place an order with WOMA CORPORATION for one (1) SPEEDY 2500-1 HEAD PT. #001.1273, one (1) E09 CARRIER HEAD PT. #341.0179, one hundred (100) FORM 21 NOZZLE 18 PT. #340.2154 for the Plate Bright machine.  The Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302 and 13.106-1.  The resulting purchase order shall not exceed the simplified purchase threshold.  The procedures set forth in FAR Part 13.106 shall be used.  See numbered note 22.  All interested small businesses are requested to submit a written quotation which will be considered by the agency.  Vendors are to provide certification of analysis and/or certificate of conformance & results of inspection for each batch or lot in shipment.  Please fax and/or mail original certification to BEP contact person; copy of certification with shipment.  BEP contact: Ike Gallagher 202 874-3092; 202 874-8368; BEP, Room 105-3A.  Quotations may be submitted on a SF 1449 or on company letterhead.  Quotations shall include the RFQ number, the proposed unit price, the proposed extended price, any prompt payment discount terms, company name, and point of contact, address, phone number, fax number, tax identification number, Dun & Bradstreet number and size status (i.e. small business, disadvantaged business or woman owned business).  If this item is available under GSA Schedule please provide the schedule number.  Quotations are due November 30, 2007.  Quotations may be faxed to Attn: Ms. Yvette Anderson (202) 874-3135.  If you have any questions, please contact Ms. Yvette Anderson on (202) 874-3151 and/or Yvette. Anderson@bep.treas.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TREAS/BEP/OPDC20220/08EM-0009/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Bureau of Reclamation
<LOCATION>Bureau of Reclamation
<ZIP>80225
<CLASSCOD>R
<OFFADD>BUREAU OF RECLAMATION PO BOX 25007, 84-27810 DENVER CO 80225
<SUBJECT>R--Notice of Intent to Negotiate on a sole source basis
<SOLNBR>08SQ810034
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12032008
<CONTACT>ANN CAPRON CONTRACTING OFFICER 3034452429     acapron@DO.USBR.GOV;
<DESC>The Bureau of Reclamation intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with Allegiance Consulting, Inc. in Denver CO, Consultant Dr. John Smart, to acquire a Report of Findings documenting "events" of A.V. Watkins Dam in November 2006. This procurement is being conducted under the Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP).  The proposed action is for services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1.  The Government believes that only one responsible source can provide the service that will satisfy the agency requirements such as:   Preparing such a Report of Findings requires specific expertise: a.	In-depth knowledge of Reclamation's Dam Safety Program, from risk evaluation through decision-making b.	Knowledge of the dam design, foundation conditions, and geotechnical processes involved in the "event" of A.V. Watkins In order for the report's recommendations to be considered impartial, it is critical that the individual producing the report not be: a.	A participant in the activities leading up to the incident b.	A participant in the emergency response activities following the incident c.	Potentially impacted by any recommendations made in the report A Justification for Other than Full and Open Competition has been prepared in support of this acquisition.  Firms that recognize and can provide the required items described above are encouraged to identify themselves and give written notification to the Contracting Officer.  Firms believing they can provide required items must provide supporting evidence that they can meet the Government's needs.  This notice is not a request for competitive quotes.  All responses received within the "Response Date" on this Announcement will be considered by the Government.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed action based on responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.  Responses will only be accepted by e-mail at acapron@do.usbr.gov/.	  Responses should include the firm's Dun and Bradstreet number (DUNS) and Tax Identification Number (TIN).  The firm must also be registered with Central Contractor Registration (CCR) at http://www.ccr.gov/ and with Online Reps. & Certs. Application (ORCA) at https://www.orca.bpn.gov/.  Firms should identify themselves as either small business, or other than small business, in accordance with the size standard 541690 for North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) which means 500 employees work for your company.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOI/BR/BR/08SQ810034/listing.html
<DESC>Please click here to view more details.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>EC_helpdesk@NBC.GOV
<DESC>Point of Contact above, or if none listed, contact the IDEAS EC HELP DESK for assistance
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>802250007
<POPADDRESS>Denver CO
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>U. S. Geological Survey
<LOCATION>U. S. Geological Survey
<ZIP>20192
<CLASSCOD>D
<OFFADD>U S GEOLOGICAL SURVEY, APS BRANCH OF ACQUISITION AND GRANTS 3020 STATE  UNIVERSITY DR. EAST, MODOC HALL STE 2002  SACRAMENTO CA 95819
<SUBJECT>D--Development of a new generation of physics-based earthquake models.
<SOLNBR>08WRSS0001
<RESPDATE>010408
<ARCHDATE>12032008
<CONTACT>JANET JANES CONTRACTING SPECIALIST 9162789343     ;
<DESC>The U.S. Geological Survey, Geology Discipline, Earthquake Hazards Program (USGS) has a requirement for a software developer or development company to develop/refine a comprehensive physics-based earthquake model in modern object-oriented computer code along with relevant manuals in collaboration with USGS scientists. This will be a negotiated acquisition in accordance with (IAW) the procedures of Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12.  This acquisition is set-aside for small business participation concerns under NAICS code 541511 - Custom Computer Programming Services, for which the associated size standard is $23.0 million in average (last three years) annual revenue.  The USGS desires a contract with one base period consisting of approximately six months, with six option periods, each consisting of approximately three months.  Each period will represent the next stage of design or development.  Presently, funding is available only for the base period. A brief description of the required services follows. The contractor will be responsible for completing development of FEM computer code that calculates (1) the amount of slip on one or more faults from stress-induced forces-and other factors such as friction, roughness, and curvature; (2) the immediate changes in stress and displacement; (3) the seismic waves that are produced; and (4) the evolution of fault state and friction during rupture; (5) the evolution of stress and displacement over time caused by viscoelasticity and plasticity.  When needed, the contractor will utilize modeling techniques from compatible scientific and engineering fields, and adapt them for use in earthquake computations. The contractor will be responsible for extending the computer code to create and test state-of-the-art earthquake models of the Hayward fault system.  The contractor will use the extended Comprehensive Earthquake Model to construct 3D dynamic rupture calculations for the Hayward fault and 3D quasi-static earthquake slip models as well as refine existing 3D static models.  The contractor will also be responsible for running dynamic rupture calculations on benchmark problems and comparing results to available data.  This element requires direct interaction with staff scientists who will guide development of the model and supply the necessary 3D data sets. The contractor will be responsible for preparing the code for publication, including writing appropriate documentation.  The contractor will present oral updates on modeling progress to staff scientists as requested. The contractor will be responsible for developing a parallel version of the Comprehensive Earthquake Model computer program so that larger, higher resolution models can be constructed and tested.  The contractor will also be responsible for creating software interfaces that enable USGS earthquake scientists to adapt and extend the code to meet their future research needs. >From time to time, as need arises to accomplish USGS scientific goals, the contractor will provide modules for special short-term research projects related to earthquake modeling which can be considered natural extensions of the contractor's work on the Comprehensive Earthquake Model.  The contractor will develop and implement the necessary software, and provide model results and images for these projects. 1.  STATEMENT OF PROBLEM Ccomputational Domain.  The existing program has been designed so that computation takes place in 3D "coordinate space".  In particular, a non-linear transformation maps the coordinate space into the "physical space" where the earth resides.  Because the transformation is nonlinear, the coordinate space is a non-Euclidean space; specifically a Riemannian manifold with a curved metric.  In the performance of this task, any upgrades that the contractor performs on the core program shall conform to this 3D computational system. FEM Formulation.  The existing program has been designed so that the finite element method (FEM) is carried out in the computational domain.  Because the domain is a curved manifold, it is necessary to use a tensorized version of FEM, where all physical equations are expressed in tensors in a form appropriate for curved space.  All volume and surface integrals must be performed using curved-space formulations involving the metric and Levi-Civita tensors.  In the performance of this task, any upgrades that the contractor performs on the core program shall conform the the FEM formulation design as described below: The existing program generates a mesh surrounding a specified fault system.  Cell boundaries are positioned to coincide with the fault surfaces, and the mesh includes special nodes that represent slip along the fault surfaces.  Extensions to the mesh design must be able to read in topographic and bathymetric data, as well as data specifying a 3D warped fault surface, and distort the mesh accordingly. New FEM code shall be constructed in object-oriented form, and needs to be sufficiently general to handle arbitrary combinations of cell shapes-needing only a suitable description of the desired shapes.  For example, new code needs to be able to support cell shapes such as hexahedra, tetrahedra, pyramids, triangular prisms, and quadrilateral pyramids; as well as handle both linear and quadratic cells. The existing program includes linear and non-linear solvers able to handle very large problems and able to solve sparse systems of several million equations on a desktop PC in a few minutes.  The solvers are able to impose constraints, for example, constraining the motion of certain nodes to lie in a fault surface.  The non-linear solver makes use of tangent stiffness matrices.  These additional capabilities are intrinsic to the solver (for example, do not rely on the addition of fictional "springs").  The extended capabilities preserve the ability to modify constraints "on-the-fly" without recomputing the coefficient matrix. Internal Validations Tools.  As an internal validation tool, the existing program incorporates an analytic dislocation solver, which is used in simple cases to provide analytic solutions for comparison to the FEM solutions.  The analytic solver is able to implement a solution similar to the well-known Okada formulas, except modified and extended so that the fault slip is given by an FEM shape function.  The program also provides an additional validation tool, a built-in patch-test module, in order to test various cells and combinations of cells to ensure they behave correctly. Geophysical Effects.  The existing program supports both flat-earth and curved-earth computations.  Its geodetic model takes into account:  the oblateness of the earth; centrifugal forces due to earth's rotation; and the variation of gravitational acceleration with depth.  The program has 3D model capabilities that account for gravitational body forces and for the effects of friction, roughness, and curvature on the fault surface by calculating normal and tangential forces at each node, and by constraining the motions of nodes on the fault to produce the correct total seismic moment tensor at each node. The contractor shall expand the existing capability of the Comprehensive Earthquake Model to specify the rheological properties of the crust, and allow them to vary arbitrarily with location by importing rheology properties for linear and non-linear elastic, viscoelastic, and plastic materials from existing 3D data sets based in the EarthVision geologic software package. 2.  PROGRAMMING CONSIDERATIONS The specified extensions, revisions, and upgrades to the Comprehensive Earthquake Model computer program will be written in C++, and will be designed to ensure portability.  There are several dimensions to portability: The contractor shall ensure that new code will adhere to the ISO C++ standard, and not use functionality specific to any one operating system.  The extended program will avoid arcane or obscure code constructions (whose support might vary amount different compilers) and programming practices that are known to introduce portability issues.  Where system dependency is unavoidable (e.g., file naming conventions), such code will be isolated in one place for easy modification.  At a minimum, the code will be compiled and tested on Windows, MacIntosh, and Linux systems. Data Portability.  The contractor shall maintain strict control of I/O on a byte level (so that data files are byte-for-byte identical) to ensure data-file portability on different systems.  Where the code must read files prepared by other programs (i.e., text files created by a text editor), the extended code will be flexible enough to accept a variety of different formats, and such code will be isolated in one place so additional formats can be added easily. Command Portability.  For any new script files (used to issue complicated series of commands), the contractor shall avoid the problem of non-portable files by utilizing the previously defined script language, which includes expression evaluation, conditional execution, loops, and user-defined procedures, and built-in code to read and execute the script. Time Portability.  In order to provide a complete software product that will execute on future computer systems, running operating systems that are yet to be developed, the contractor shall not rely on any facility that has a significant risk of becoming unavailable in the foreseeable future. Scientific Portability.  The contractor shall ensure program portability to a variety of seismotectonic settings, as well as provide documentation to ensure access to scientists with more modest computer skills. Self-diagnostics.  The completed program will have built-in diagnostics to run tests of the various program modules and verify that they are operating correctly. DELIVERABLES The contractor will design the software identified above for its eventual publication so that scientists both inside and outside the USGS can use it.  When the FEM program is released to the public, the contractor will also provide the documentation, test model, and interface functionality described below.  These products are to be provided in digital report format, and can be transmitted either by e-mail or as anonymous ftp data transfers.   Hayward Fault Models.  The contractor shall use the existing Comprehensive Earthquake Model to develop 3D quasi-static earthquake slip models for the Hayward fault that incorporate characteristic recurring seismicity, surface creep data, and surface deformation data using the latest data available from USGS scientists.  The contractor will also use the model to construct 3D dynamic rupture calculations for plausible large magnitude earthquakes on the Hayward fault based on fault geometries and rheologic properties.  These models will test and demonstrate the ability of the expanded program to perform leading-edge research.  Implementation of the new Hayward fault models will serve as a large, detailed example to assist scientists in their use of the program.  Note that full development and testing of these models will require significant funds beyond the current level. Modified Program Code.  The contractor shall continue to convert the entire probram to parallel form in order to run more complex, high resolution earthquake simulations on the EHZ Beowolf cluster (hydra), the USC HPC cluster, or a PC computer (MacPro).  These modifications will include (1) developing a standard workflow for the program by creating a front-end for the tensor code and a module for surface properties; (2) restructuring and streamlining the code that handles rheology models, constitutive properties, and the EarthVision interface; (3) adding OpenMP calls to the program and making related code changes, so it will be able to execute in (thread) parallel on multi-core processors; (4) designing the overall (MPI) parallel architecture for the hydra cluster; (5) designing and implementing a multi-threading, multi-processing abstraction layer which includes emulators for debugging. Improved Computational Algorithms.  The contractor shall devise, implement, and test new computational algorithms and techniques which have the potential to increase the size and complexity of the models that the code is able to handle, e.g., develop a grid-doubling technique. The following deliverables are conditioned on the availability of funds: Documentation.  The contractor shall deliver User Manuals that describe how to operate the program, how to write scripts, how to generate meshes, how to run FEM calculations, and how to export results for visualization. Documentation.  The contractor shall deliver Theory Manuals that describe how the program works internally, how the tensorized FEM is formulated, and how the coordinate transformations are achieved, including appropriate equations. Documentation.  The contractor shall deliver Programming Manuals that describe the software architecture, how users can extend the program with their own code, how to add new capabilities, and what programming interfaces are available. Application Programming Interfaces.  Because research is inherently unpredictable, it is important that scientists be able to extend and modify the program by adding their own code.  The contractor shall create defined interfaces within the program where scientists can add code safely, without disrupting the operation of the program or needing to understand every detail of program operation.  These interfaces will include extending the script language by adding additional commands, defining new types of material constitutive properties, defining new types of FEM cells, defining new fault behavior models, and defining new geodetic models. Upgrade Program Code.  The entire program will be upgraded with changes and extensions resulting from development of the Hayward fault model as described above.  Extensions include the ability to export data to an external visualization package and a limited built-in drawing capability for assistance in creating meshes. Additional Research Modules.  As needed, the contractor shall develop and implement additional research modules that perform new functions.  These modules may include extended code-validation tools for comparing earthquake rupture simulations, a numerical algorithm for modeling deformation and stress in heterogeneous crust using a 'lumped' Green's function, a 1857 Ft Tejon earthquake model, a Bartlett Springs fault model, a Parkfield dynamic rupture model, an episodic tremor-and-slip algorithm, and a rate-and-state constitutive model. Complete specifications will be provided with the Request for Proposals, which is anticipated for release on or about December 19, 2007. For further information regarding this announcement, please contact Janet Janes, Contracting Officer, at (916) 278-9343 or jjanes@.usgs.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOI/USGS/USGS/08WRSS0001/listing.html
<DESC>Please click here to view more details.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>EC_helpdesk@NBC.GOV
<DESC>Point of Contact above, or if none listed, contact the IDEAS EC HELP DESK for assistance
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Center for Disease Control and Prevention
<LOCATION>Procurement and Grants Office (Atlanta)
<ZIP>30341-4146
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>923120
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Procurement and Grants Office (Atlanta), 2920 Brandywine Road, Room 3000, Atlanta, GA, 30341-4146, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Senior Laboratory Services Advisor PSC
<SOLNBR>2008-N-10207
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>John Ebanks, Contract Specialist, Phone 7704882436, Fax 7704882688, Email JEbanks@cdc.gov - Zalerie Moore, Contract Specialist, Phone 770-488-2053, Fax 770-488-2688, Email fkw7@cdc.gov
<DESC>Description

The Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, is seeking applications from qualified applicants for a Senior Laboratory Services Advisor position located in Hanoi, Vietnam. The resulting contract shall be a Personal Services Contract (PSC). See PL 109-149, Section 215(1), Reference 22U.S.C.2669(c).

SOLICITATION NUMBER: 2008-N-10207

POSITION NUMBER: VM-PSC-01

ISSUANCE DATE: Decembe 4, 2007

CLOSING DATE/TIME: December 19, 2007 at 4:00PM Eastern Standard Time 

POSITION TITLE:  Senior Laboratory Services Advisor

MARKET VALUE: $65,225 to $103,935 per year -- Final compensation will be based on individual salary history, work experience, and educational background.  

PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: One Base Year and Four Option Years  

PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Hanoi, Vietnam

SECURITY CLEARANCE:  NACI

AREA OF CONSIDERATION:  United States Citizens and residents and third country nationals.  Citizens and permanent residents of the host country are not eligible for this position.

Duties and Responsibilities: 

This position is located in the National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD and TB Prevention (NCHHSTP)/Global AIDS Program (GAP) with a duty station in Hanoi, Vietnam.  The Personal Service Contractor (PSC) shall serve as Senior Laboratory Program Advisor providing expert scientific and technical laboratory support to the mission of the CDC-GAP Country Office and USG partners. The PSC functions as a focal point for clinical and public health laboratory science, coordinating the development of policy and programs affecting public health and clinical laboratory services provision in support of the President?s Emergency Plan For AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) in collaboration with the USG efforts in HIV/AIDS prevention, surveillance, treatment, and care programs. The PSC assists and advises the Country Director on matters relating to laboratory systems, including  analyses, planning and  development,  operational research, and all aspects of laboratory quality assurance to support USG priorities and objectives in Vietnam.

The PSC in this position provides laboratory technical assistance and support to include: 1) providing assistance in the implementing needs assessments of central and provincial laboratories, 2) formulating and implementing sound policies for laboratory quality assurance and control, 3) developing and implementing training activities to strengthen knowledge and skills of laboratory personnel in the operations and management of laboratories, 4) identifying appropriate resources to support on-going laboratory needs, 5) coordinating with international partners to provide laboratory technical assistance, and 6) enhancing working relationships between the central, provincial and local laboratories.  The PSC?s activities will include a primary focus on developing and strengthening national laboratory capacity.

The PSC shall serve as a key member and the lead technical advisor on laboratory issues for the PEPFAR Vietnam team to plan, develop, implement and evaluate project goals and objectives related to laboratory technical assistance.    The PSC shall perform professional work to develop the capabilities of governments, public health authorities, non-governmental organizations and others to establish and conduct public health and clinical laboratory services.  The PSC serves as the CDC expert on matters relating to the analysis, planning and development of laboratory, operational research, and all aspects of laboratory quality assurance. This position serves as the critical interface for CDC-GAP and PEPFAR partner laboratory collaboration and support (USAID, DOD, and DOS)                                                                                                   

The PSC coordinates, collaborates and consults on scientific and technical issues with high-ranking officials within the Ministry of Health (MOH), local and international public health agencies, and non-governmental organizations on the development, implementation and conduct of scientific and technical laboratory systems and services in Vietnam.  The PSC shall develop and maintain professional relationships with international, national, and local laboratory policy makers, universities and schools of public health and key personnel in appropriate clinical and laboratory organizations.  As a recognized expert in laboratory science and technology, the PSC shall provide scientific advice and consultation in devising solutions to critical problems by developing approaches consistent with current best practices.  The PSC shall coordinate and collaborate with government and public health officials to identify and develop the infrastructure and other resources necessary to support local laboratory systems. The PSC shall provide guidance and direction to all staff and outside program collaborators on the implementation and management of laboratory projects that is consistent with CDC and international policies and guidelines.  The PSC shall provide expert scientific advice on matters relating to organizational structure including physical laboratory structure and space issues, public health laboratory testing procedures and systems including the evaluation of new diagnostic technologies, quality assurance procedures and guidelines, laboratory management and staffing issues, and the provision of training in all areas of laboratory activity. The PSC shall serve as the lead in identifying and strategically developing pathways to meet short- and long-term laboratory staffing needs.             

The PSC shall conceive, develop, coordinate, implement and evaluate programs and services, direct local laboratory program activities and provide leadership in developing scientific policy related to laboratory practice for services and systems for HIV prevention, surveillance, treatment, and care.  These include, but are not limited to, TB, HIV, STI, ARV resistance testing, international standards, training and quality assurance.  The PSC will participate in all decisions related to the commitment of resources, including the allocation of personnel and funds, for projects related to laboratory technical assistance, as well as procurement, logistics and personnel management for laboratory services. The PSC shall assist central and provincial laboratories in establishing and maintaining controls, management information systems, policies and guidelines concerning laboratory equipment and services. The PSC shall support the development and strengthening of national laboratory capacity.                                                                                  

The PSC shall consult on scientific training and education programs, and coordinate the development and delivery of public health-related training programs.  The PSC works in collaboration with peers including - USG partners, relevant host nation Ministries, regional and international non-governmental organizations to identify, develop and conduct local and regional training.  The PSC shall evaluate training programs for appropriate content and recommend changes to assure accurate and current scientific information. The PSC coordinates the development and distribution of scientific and technical laboratory-related educational materials and promote the sharing of scientific information and assistance in the region.  The PSC shall write reports, abstracts, articles, opinions, orally present and disseminate operational research findings, to advocate for laboratory programs and services in the region.                                  
			
The PSC provides consultation to public, private, professional, and academic partners (which may include universities, public and private foundations, international health leaders, Ministries of Health in other countries, and local and international organizations) in substantive matters related to public health and clinical laboratory services, practice and training.  This includes scientific and technical assistance in methodology and project and data management.                                                                              

The PSC provides oversight of laboratory activities conducted by the PEPFAR-supported National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology (NIHE) and the Department of Therapy and their partners in the provinces.  The PSC conducts periodic reviews of cooperative agreement activities to assure progress toward national laboratory and cooperative agreement objectives and to be certain that laboratories comply with all applicable international safety policies and procedures that include but are not limited to the wearing or the use of prescribed personal protective equipment while engaged in work.  The PSC regularly and routinely inspects/reviews assigned workspace to identify and correct unsafe conditions, deficiencies, processes and procedures.     

Minimum Qualifications:
1.	Broad perspective and thorough knowledge of the principles of public health programs and practice. 
2.	Demonstrated history of supervision of laboratory scientists, preferably in a public health laboratory setting.6.Demonstrated history of cooperative working relationships with host government ministries, public health bureaus, NGOs and other partners to effectively implement laboratory and other technical services activities.  
3.	  Strong interpersonal communication and negotiation skills in achieving results with a wide range of program partners.
4.	Ability to readily analyze, understand, and discuss new program design, management, and implementation approaches. 
5.	Demonstrated ability to identify priority actions, generate and complete work plans within short time frames. 
6.	Strong oral and written skills and ability to clearly communicate new program and technical concepts to technical and non-technical counterparts. English language fluency at level 4 is required.
7.	 Masters level degree in Biomedical Research, Laboratory Science, or related laboratory field .
8.	Eight years of progressively responsible work as a subject matter expert in a laboratory related field (microbiology, virology, serology, molecular diagnostics), including at least 5 years of public health laboratory supervision and management experience with responsibility for interacting with supervisors, subordinates and professional staff from other institutes or organizations.
9.	Strong computer literacy and aptitude to rapidly acquire and apply additional skills.  

Desired Qualifications:
1.	Knowledge of how the CDC Vietnam program operates, program areas that it  supports and how these areas can be tailored to fit local need.
2.	Knowledge of  the laboratory technical area of PEPFAR including how different US Government agencies work together to meet the President?s goals and objectives; . 
3.	Knowledge of USG (specifically HHS/CDC) including its mission and operational protocol, including program goals, objectives, principles, priorities and  funding mechanisms through which PEPFAR funds are channeled.
4.	A thorough technical familiarity with the public health laboratory system in Vietnam.
5.	MD or PhD in Biomedical Research, Laboratory Science, or related laboratory field with a Masters degree in. public health, public administration or business administration 
6.	Level 3 Languge skill in Vietnamese is desirable.

Benefits/Allowances: 

Overseas allowances and differentials similar to those available to U.S. Government employees assigned abroad may be payable under this PSC, subject to eligibility.  Actual benefits may vary from one candidate to the next and/or from one country of assignment to the next.  A summary of the overseas allowances and differentials available to U.S. Government employees assigned abroad can be found at the following: 

Internet URL: http://www.state.gov/m/a/als/4311.htm.  Specific benefit, allowance, and differential information will be provided in the "Offer of PSC Employment" letter sent to the successful applicant.

Additionally, country specific information useful for U.S. Government employees assigned abroad can be obtained from Department of State Post Reports available at the following Internet URL: http://foia.state.gov/MMS/postrpt/pr_view_start.asp and Travel Warnings concerning certain countries, in 
many of which CDC conducts its international program activities, may be obtained at the following Internet URL: http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/tw/tw_1764.html.

Federal Taxes: Personal Service Contractors who are either United States citizens or Permanent Resident Aliens (i.e., ?green card? holders) of the United States are not exempt from payment of Federal Income Tax and, 
in some cases State income taxes on salaries earned abroad while working for the U.S. Government.

CONTRACTOR-MISSION RELATIONSHIPS 
 
   (a) The contractor acknowledges that this contract is an important part of the U.S. Foreign Assistance 
Program and agrees that his/her duties will be carried out in such a manner as to be fully commensurate with the responsibilities that this entails.  
   (b) While in the Cooperating Country, the contractor is expected to show respect for the conventions, customs, and institutions of the Cooperating Country and not interfere in its political affairs.
 
   (c) If the contractor's conduct is not in accordance with paragraph (b) of this provision, the contract may be terminated under General Provision 16 of this contract.  The Contractor recognizes the right of the U.S. Ambassador to direct his/her immediate removal from any country when, in the discretion of the Ambassador, the interests of the United States so require.
 
   (d) The Country Director is the chief representative of CDC in the Cooperating Country.  In this capacity, he/she is responsible for the total CDC Program in the Cooperating Country including certain administrative responsibilities set forth in this contract and for advising CDC regarding the performance of the work under the contract and its effect on the U.S. Foreign Assistance Program.  The contractor will be responsible for performing his/her duties in accordance with the statement of duties called for by the contract. However, he/she shall be under the general policy guidance of the Country Director, and shall keep the Country Director or his/her designated representative currently informed of the progress of the work under this contract.

SOCIAL SECURITY, FEDERAL INCOME TAX AND FOREIGN EARNED INCOME 
 
   (a)  Since the contractor is an employee, F.I.C.A. contributions and U.S. Federal Income Tax withholding will be deducted in accordance with regulations and rulings of the Social Security Administration and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, respectively.
 
   (b) As an employee, the contractor is not eligible for the 'foreign earned income' exclusion under the IRS Regulations (see 26 CFR 1.911- 3(c)(3)).

INSURANCE
 
   (a) Worker's Compensation Benefits:  The contractor shall be provided worker's compensation benefits in accordance with the Federal Employees' Compensation Act.
 
   (b) Health and Life Insurance:
 
     (1)  The contractor shall be provided  a maximum contribution of up to 50% against the actual costs of the contractor's annual health insurance costs, provided that such costs may not exceed the maximum U.S. Government contribution for direct-hire personnel as announced annually by the Office of Personnel Management.
 
     (2) The contractor will be provided a contribution of up to 50% against the actual costs of annual life insurance not to exceed $500.00 per year.
 
     (3)  Retired U.S. Government employees will not be paid additional contributions for health or life insurance under their contracts.  The Government will normally have already paid its contribution for the retiree unless the employee can prove to the satisfaction of the Contracting Officer that his/her health and life insurance does not provide or specifically excludes coverage overseas.  In such case, the contractor would be eligible for contributions under paragraphs (b)(1) or (2) as appropriate.
 
     (4)  Proof of health and life insurance coverage will be submitted to the Contracting Officer before any contribution is paid.  On assignments of less than one year, costs for health and life insurance will be prorated and paid accordingly.
 
     (5)  A contractor who is a spouse of a current or retired Civil Service, Foreign Service, or Military Service member and who is covered by their spouse's Government health or life insurance policy is ineligible for the contribution under paragraphs (b)(1) or (b)(2) of this provision.

MEDEVAC INSURANCE (NON U.S. CITIZENS ONLY)

Non-U.S. citizens will not qualify for health unit access during the period of performance of the resultant contract and, if a contract is offered, will be responsible for obtaining required medical evacuation (medevac) insurance.  CDC shall reimburse 100% of the cost of medevac insurance maintained by the contractor.  CDC does not require that contractor obtains coverage from any one specific company.  The contractor is responsible for and has the discretion to choose a provider.  For information purposes only:  The Department of State maintains a list of U.S. based providers on the following website: http://travel.state.gov/travel/tips/health/health_1185.html.  CDC provides no endorsement, expressly or implied, of any emergency medical service provider.  Contractors have full discretion to consider providers not provided in this list, but are expected to verify that the coverage they do obtain will adequately cover an evacuation due to a medical situation that arises in the location of contract performance.  CDC shall approve a fair and reasonable amount for obtaining the required coverage as a direct cost to the contract.  In order for CDC to reimburse the cost of medevac insurance, CDC shall require the contractor to furnish evidence of obtaining medevac insurance for the employee and all accompanying family members on U.S. Government travel orders and its cost, after issuance of an offer letter.

INHERENTLY GOVERNMENTAL FUNCTIONS

An individual serving under a CDC PSC may not perform "inherently governmental functions," which include:

? Committing the U.S. Government (USG) to a specific course of action or performing   
   Services, which involve discretionary exercise of Government authority;
? Exercising signatory authority on behalf of the USG;
? Directing policy formulation or making policy decisions;
? Approving program plans;
? Officially representing the CDC (representation);
? Controlling USG-owned property; 
? Acting as a cashier or sub-cashier; or,
? Supervising Government FTE staff.


An individual serving under a PSC may:

? Provide advice or make recommendations to Government FTE staff;
? Perform services (other then the prohibited services listed above) in support of program    
   activities;
? Direct projects or teams (as long as supervision of Government FTE staff is not involved); and,
? Supervise other PSCs, Personal Services Agreement Employees (PSA), grantees or 
   fellows. 

How to Apply:

A complete application shall consist of a completed Optional Form 612 (Optional Application for Federal Employment) or resume or curriculum vitae that provides the same information required in a OF 612, as well as references, current (or highest recent) salary documentation, and Benefit Eligibility Form.

Optional Form 612, Optional Application for Federal Employment:

The Optional Form (OF) 612, Optional Application for Federal Employment, can be located at:   http://www.opm.gov/Forms/html/of.asp.

References:

Each applicant shall submit three Professional references other than family members.  Two references shall be from a current and previous supervisor.  The following information is required: Name, Address, telephone Number, Title, and Email Address.

Current (or Highest Recent) Salary Documentation:

Each applicant shall submit supporting documentation that reflects their current or highest recent salary.  Examples of such supporting documentation are the most recent earning statement, an official letter from current employer signed by the applicant?s current supervisor or Human Resources Representative, or the applicant?s most recent U.S. Federal tax return.  Each applicant shall also include a letter indicating the minimum salary in U.S. dollars the applicant would accept for the position.

Benefit Eligibility Form:

Each applicant shall submit the attached Benefit Eligibility Form with the application.

Submission of Application:

A complete application package (OF 612 or equivalent, references, salary documentation, and Benefits Eligibility Form) must be received at the following location no later than the closing date and time identified above:

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Procurement and Grants Office
Mailstop K75, Branch 7
Attn:  John Ebanks, Contract Specialist
Solicitation 2008-N-10207
2920 Brandywine Road
Atlanta, GA  30341-5539

Complete application packages can be emailed to the attention of John Ebanks at egz2@cdc.gov.  Facsimile copies will not be accepted.

Applications received after the closing date and time will not be accepted. Refer to Federal Acquisition Regulation 15.208 regarding submission of late proposals:

(http://www.acqnet.gov/far/current/html/Subpart%2015_2.html#wp1125227). 

All applications must be legible and submitted in the English language.  

The solicitation number identified above must be included on all documents submitted with the application package, as well as any other correspondence regarding this solicitation.

Selection Factors:

The applicant that represents the best value to the Government will be considered for award of Senior Laboratory Services Advisor PSC.  To determine best value, the following factors will be considered:

1.  The extent an applicant meets the minimum and desired qualifications based on information obtained through the application package and interviews.  Note that interviews may or may not be conducted; therefore, the application package should clearly identify how well the applicant meets the minimum and desired qualifications of this position.  Interviews, if conducted, may be either in-person or via telephone.

2.  Information collected from reference checks.  References will only be verified for those applicants determined to have a reasonable chance of being selected for award.

3.  Results of a cost assessment.  The cost assessment will determine the total cost (salary plus benefits and allowances) of the applicant for the complete term of the contract (base period plus any option years).

Basis for Award

In determining best value, paramount consideration will be given to technical merit (applicant qualifications and reference checks) rather than to cost.  In cases where applicants are determined to be essentially equal, then cost may become the determining factor.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/CDCP/PGOA/2008-N-10207/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>VIET NAM
<POPADDRESS>Hanoi
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>FCI Otisville
<ZIP>10963
<CLASSCOD>63
<NAICS>238210
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons, FCI Otisville, PO Box 600 Two Mile Drive, Otisville, NY, 10963, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>63 -- Remote Boiler Supervision
<SOLNBR>21504006-8
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>05152008
<CONTACT>Corey Glasspoole, Contract Specialist, Phone 845-386-6805, Fax 845-386-6801, Email cglasspoole@bop.gov - Nicole Rumsey, Supervisory Contract Specialist (FCI Otisville & USP Canaan), Phone 845-386-6806, Fax 845-386-6801, Email nrumsey@bop.gov
<DESC>The Federal Bureau of Prisons, Federal Correctional Institution, Otisville, NY intends to issue a non competitive contract to U & S Services, Inc. of Tonawanda, NY.    The contract will be for  U & S Services to extend the existing Tour Andover Controls (TAC) ?Continuum? Direct Digital Control (DDC) system to add remote boiler supervision of two (2) boilers located in the Food Service Department at the United States Penitentiary Canaan, Waymart PA.  This extension includes all material, engineering, software, programming, termination, system commissioning, start-up, checkout, owner training and a one (1) year warranty of system.  The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302. Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within forty-five days (thirty days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.   The government has determined this contract action can be issued without providing for full and open competition based on the fact that the existing Continuum Direct Digital Control (DDC) system was manufactured by Tour Andover Controls (TAC) and installed by U & S Services, Inc. and any additions/updates to this system must be made by an authorized Andover Controls ?Continuum? dealer.  U & S Services, Inc is the factory authorized TAC dealer for the Waymart, PA area.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/21103/21504006-8/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>18472
<POPADDRESS>FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS, UNITED STATES PENITENTIARY, 3057 EASTON TURNPIKE BLDG C, WAYMART PA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Indian Health Service
<LOCATION>Oklahoma City Area Office
<ZIP>73112
<CLASSCOD>U
<NAICS>561320
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Oklahoma City Area Office, 3625 N.W. 56th 5 Corp Plaza, Oklahoma City, OK, 73112, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>U -- Part time physical fitness instructor for the Head Start Program for the HealthyHeart Grant at the USPHS Clinton Service Unit, Public Health Nursing Department at Watonga, OK  for a one year period.
<SOLNBR>246-08-Q-0006
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01022008
<CONTACT>Delores Carter, Contract Specialist, Phone 405.951.3893, Fax 405.951.3872, Email Dee.Carter@mail.ihs.gov - Sara Marcus, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-951-3998, Fax 405-951-3872, Email Sara.Marcus@mail.ihs.gov
<DESC>Part-time physical fitness instructor for the USPHS Clinton Service Unit, PHN Department at Watonga Clinic, Watonga, Oklahoma for a one period January 2, 2008 through January 1, 2009. This is a 100% Small Business/Buy Indian Set-Aside.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/IHS/IHS-Oklahoma/246-08-Q-0006/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>73772
<POPADDRESS>Route 1, Box 34-A
Watonga, OK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Government Printing Office
<OFFICE>Customer Services Department
<LOCATION>Agency Publishing Services - AST  1 and 4
<ZIP>20401
<CLASSCOD>T
<NAICS>323110
<OFFADD>Government Printing Office, Customer Services Department, Agency Publishing Services - AST  1 and 4, Stop: CSAC, 732 North Capitol Street, NW, Washington, DC, 20401, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>T -- Duplicating/Copying Court Transcript
<SOLNBR>25S
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Bid Room, Area Responsible for Bid Solicitation Questions, Phone 202-512-0526, Email ppdkcodes@gpo.gov - Bid Room, Area Responsible for Bid Solicitation Questions, Phone 202-512-0526, Email ppdkcodes@gpo.gov
<DESC>These specifications cover the production of short-run, duplicating/copying with a fast schedule requiring such operations as duplicating/copying, binding, packing and distribution.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GPO/PPD/WashingtonDC1116/25S/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0624
<YEAR>05
<AGENCY>United States Postal Service
<OFFICE>Supplies and Services Purchasing
<LOCATION>Services Purchasing (Headquarters)
<ZIP>20260-6237
<CLASSCOD>H
<NAICS>491110
<OFFADD>United States Postal Service, Supplies and Services Purchasing, Services Purchasing (Headquarters), 475 L'Enfant Plaza  SW      Room 4541, Washington, DC, 20260-6237
<SUBJECT>H -- Technical Support Services
<SOLNBR>2APSER-05-TECHSUPPORT
<RESPDATE>071505
<CONTACT>Joseph Han, Purchasing and Supply Management Specialist, Phone 202-268-6987, Fax 202-268-2595, Email jhan@email.usps.gov - Michael Whisler, Contracting Officer, Phone (202) 268-5619, Fax (202) 268-2595, Email michael.c.whisler@usps.gov
<DESC>A) Overview

The U.S. Postal Service (USPS) requires contract personnel to support the Engineering Department by performing a variety of Engineering  related functions including, but not limited to, technology development, application, planning, analysis, design and acquisition management and integrated life cycle support  planning, maintenance and environmental management, and software management in support of USPS operational and financial goals. The services required deal primarily with experienced technical and management specialists who are capable of performing in a professional environment in support of the systems and technology transforming the USPS into a world class 21st Century business.

Currently Engineering uses over 150 contract persons in numerous labor categories, funded by various different financial accounts, and it is anticipated that these figures will remain viable for the duration of the initial contract term.  However, the USPS may increase or decrease the number of contract personnel at any time, and there is no guaranteed minimum number of contract employees that must be maintained.

Most contract employees are domiciled at the Engineering offices in Merrifield, VA or some specific suppliers facility.  Depending upon assignment, some contract employees may travel extensively throughout the United States.  Some assignments may require less or more than 40 hours per week.  A five-day workweek is contemplated for most assignments.  No minimum workweek is guaranteed.  

The supplier must be able to perform recruiting, managing, invoicing, and reporting tasks as a minimum.  Training shall be provided as necessary by the supplier in order to meet and maintain personnel requirements.  

B)  Required Supplier Criteria and Other Information

The USPS intends to pre-qualify respondents capable of providing an innovative and commercially available technical staffing and management services. Respondents included in any subsequent pre-qualified group may be invited to participate in follow-up pre-qualification processes, a discovery process, Reverse Auction or to provide proposals in response to the USPS Request for Proposal.  However, the USPS reserves the right to terminate this process if it is deemed that the availability or maturity of the commercial solutions does not fit the current need or vision of the USPS.  Responding to this notice does not guarantee pre-qualification or participation in future USPS activities. The USPS may make one or more awards to support this activity.

C)  Selection Process

The USPS decision to pre-qualify respondents is a business decision of the USPS Purchasing team.  Pre-qualification does not constitute an award.  Pre-qualification will be based on a composite of all responses, not any single item, that demonstrate a respondents capability to provide an innovative and commercially available technical and management services.  All qualified respondents may not be placed in the pre-qualified group if the purchase team determines that a smaller group may provide adequate competition or that some respondents are considerably more qualified than others, thereby precluding opportunities for others less qualified.  Respondents whose responses to this notice indicate that their solution is (1) not commercially available, (2) beyond the current or immediate experience level or resources of their firm, or (3) deemed unrealistically incompatible with the USPS environment and vision, may not be considered for pre-qualification.

D)  Notification to Selected Suppliers

The contracting officer will notify all respondents of their pre-qualification status.  The list of pre-qualified candidates will be publicized.

E)  Request for Information Instructions 

1.	This entire document should be saved and emailed to Joseph.S.Han@usps.gov by 12:00 PM EST, July 15, 2005.  If email is unavailable, documents should be mailed to:  Joseph S. Han, USPS, 475 LEnfant Plaza SW Room 4131, Washington DC 20260-4131.
2.	No faxed copies will be accepted.
3.	The limit is 20 pages and it should be concise and focused on the solicited questions.
4.	Sales Brochures, videos and other marketing information materials are not solicited and will not be reviewed.
5.	Do not submit cost or price information with response.
6.	The Contracting Officer for the Postal Service may accept responses after the due date.  Acceptance will be at the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer and in the best interest of the Postal Service.

F)  Minimum Requirements 

The following is a current non-exclusive set of constraints (minimum requirements) that should be met for any suppliers seeking pre-qualification.  

1.	At least two years in the temporary technical staffing services business.
2.	Key personnel including recruiters to have quality professional qualifications.
3.	Able to obtain and maintain full/part time professional staffs of 100 - 200 individuals.  
4.	Able to provide detailed invoices that can be broken down by programs, finance numbers, sub-accounts, job assignments, travel costs, work hours, travel hours, employee, etc.
5.	Able to provide extensive travel arrangements as required for personnel. 

G)  Capabilities 

1) Provide a brief summary of your firm's experience in recruiting quality professionals including:

a)	Qualifications and accomplishments of recruiters, professional associations, certifications, experience.
b)	Training and quality knowledge of other key employees, professional associations, certifications, experience.
c)	Travel arrangements and agencies used.
d)	Response rates and accomplishments in locating candidates for assignments including international sites.
e)	Your firm's advantages in supplying personnel for the quality profession.
f)	Employee satisfaction methods to promote longevity of employees.
g)	Evaluating, Retaining, and Transitioning existing personnel to your firm with minimal disruption. 

2) Please provide a brief summary of your firms electronic interfacing capabilities including:
 
a)	Employee records and assignments
b)	Funding of tasks
c)	Expense tracking and certification of expenses
d)	Invoice sorting capabilities
e)	Uploading information needed by clients
f)	Tracking of contract deliverables

3) Please provide a description of your financial capabilities and how you can meet the financial stability requirement of financing operations during the period of data collection invoicing and invoice payment, which can run up to six to eight weeks.

4) Please provide contact information for five (5) clients that receive a similar level of support as outlined above.  Briefly describe the level and nature of support provided.

H)  General Company and Contact Information

1) Company Name:
2) Contact Name and Title:
3) Contact Phone Number:
4) Contact Fax Number:
5) Contact Email Address:
6) Company Internet Website Address:

I)  Finance Resources

Please provide your firm's most recent 10(k) or annual audited financial statement.  Provide in electronic format as an attachment to this document.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USPS/SSP/SPHQ/2APSER-05-TECHSUPPORT/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPADDRESS>TBD
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Agency for International Development
<OFFICE>Overseas Missions
<LOCATION>Rwanda USAID-Kigali
<ZIP>20521-2130
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541990
<OFFADD>Agency for International Development, Overseas Missions, Rwanda USAID-Kigali, Department of State, Washington, DC, 20521-2130, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- PEPFAR Program Advisor
<SOLNBR>696-S-08-003-00
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>01182008
<CONTACT>Colette Munyakazi, Human Resource Specialist, Phone 250-570940, Fax 250-573950, Email cmunyakazi@usaid.gov - Wesley Ndamukunda, Procurement Agent, Phone 250-570-941, Fax 250-573-950, Email wndamukunda@usaid.gov
<DESC>The PEPFAR Program Advisor will work with the United States Government?s (USG?s) President?s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR or Emergency Plan) Team in Rwanda.  The PEPFAR Program Advisor will play the lead role in managing the overall PEPFAR program budget of over $120 million USD.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/AID/OM/RWA/696-S-08-003-00/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>RWANDA
<POPZIP>2848
<POPADDRESS>USAID/RWANDA
55, AVE PAUL VI
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Property Acquisition & Realty Services Division (4PEY)
<ZIP>33351
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531390
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), Property Acquisition & Realty Services Division (4PEY), 7771 W. Oakland Park Blvd., Suite 119, Sunrise, FL, 33351, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- US GOVERNMENT SEEKS LEASE OFFICE SPACE IN DADE OR BROWARD COUNTY, FL
<SOLNBR>7FL2319
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>01052008
<CONTACT>Louise Long, Contracting Officer, Phone (954) 356-7698, 120, Fax (954) 356-7675, Email louisem.long@gsa.gov - Louise Long, Contracting Officer, Phone (954) 356-7698, 120, Fax (954) 356-7675, Email louisem.long@gsa.gov
<DESC>UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT SEEKS
LEASE OFFICE SPACE
DADE OR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA

Requirement:  United States Government is seeking to lease approximately 50,000 to 125,000 rentable square feet of office and related law enforcement type space for the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and the Bureau Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF).

Lease Term:  Three years firm, five-year lease term.

Unique Requirements:  Government requires one building of 125,000 sf to house both agencies, but will consider multiple locations that are within the same area.  Office building must be able to accommodate law enforcement activities and holding cells.  

Location:  Government requires to be housed in either Dade or Broward Counties.

Occupancy:  Space is required for occupancy no later than December 2008.

Offers submitted by December 21, 2007 to:  Louise Long, General Services Administration, Realty Services Division, 7771 West Oakland Park Boulevard, Atrium West, Suite 119, Sunrise, Florida 33351 or louisem.long@gsa.gov or telephone 954-356-7662 x 120 or fax 954-356-7675.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/4PEY/7FL2319/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>NB Contractor - Julien J. Studley, Inc.
<ZIP>20004
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531120
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), NB Contractor - Julien J. Studley, Inc., 555 Thirteenth Street, NW, Suite 420 East, Washington, DC, 20004, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- US Govt seeking office/warehouse/wareyard space in Tri-Cities, Washington consisting of a total of 8,333 USF
<SOLNBR>7WA2076
<RESPDATE>122807
<ARCHDATE>01122008
<CONTACT>Sue Reinhart, NB Contractor - Studley, Phone 206-623-1633, Fax 206-654-4148, Email sue@labondeland.com
<DESC>The General Services Administration (GSA) seeks to lease warehouse/ware-yard/office space consisting of approximately 9,579 rentable square feet in the Tri-Cities, Washington. The rentable space shall yield a minimum of 8,330 ANSI/BOMA Office Area (previously Usable) square feet available for use by tenant for personnel, furnishings, and equipment. The specific space shall include:
	
	Enclosed Warehouse Space		2,420 USF
	Office/Office Support/Lab		1,860 USF 
	Secured Outside Parking		2,420 USF
	Secured Outside (uncovered) Storage	1,630 USF

The space shall be contiguous.  The building must be located in Pasco, Kennewick or Richland, Washington within the following delineated area:

	North Boundary:	        Pasco City Limit
	East Boundary:		18th Avenue, Pasco, WA
	South Boundary:	        10th Avenue, Kennewick, WA
	West Boundary:		West Richland City Limit,
                                Richland, WA

The proposed lease is for 15-years firm and should be fully serviced. Space must be ready for occupancy no later than June 1, 2008. Space must be located in a well-maintained research, technology, light industrial, office or business park. The offered space must meet Government requirements for Fire and Life Safety, Seismic Safety and Handicapped Accessibility.

For questions, comments or concerns regarding this project, contact GSA?s National Broker Contractor Representative, Susan Reinhart, LaBonde Land, Inc. at 206-623-1633.

If you wish to send written comments send them to the address below:

General Services Administration
C/O LaBonde Land, Inc. 
Attn: Susan Reinhart
2324 California Avenue SW
Seattle, WA 98116
206-623-1633 Telephone
206-654-4148 Fax
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/NBJJS/7WA2076/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>99301
<POPADDRESS>Pasco, WA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Fish and Wildlife Service
<LOCATION>CGS-WO
<ZIP>22203
<CLASSCOD>X
<OFFADD>Contracting and Facilities Management - R9 U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service 4401 N. Fairfax Drive Suite 7118-43 Arlington VA 22203
<SUBJECT>X--Storage Space Rental
<SOLNBR>982108M319
<RESPDATE>120607
<ARCHDATE>12032008
<CONTACT>Alina Sadoveanu Contractor 7033582172     alina_sadoveanu@fws.gov;
<DESC>The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Service) has a requirement to continue renting storage space from Extra Space Storage LLC. This procurement is in the best interest of the Government due to moving costs and the compliance with Federal Government billing system namely progress payment. Any interested parties shall express their interest by contracting Alina Sadoveanu at Alina_Sadoveanu@fws.gov. This is not an invitation for bids.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOI/FWS/CGSWO/982108M319/listing.html
<DESC>Please click here to view more details.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>EC_helpdesk@NBC.GOV
<DESC>Point of Contact above, or if none listed, contact the IDEAS EC HELP DESK for assistance
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>22203
<POPADDRESS>Virginia, USA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-1 Idaho Panhandle National Forest
<ZIP>83815-8363
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237310
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-1 Idaho Panhandle National Forest, 3815 Schreiber Way, Coeur d'Alene, ID, 83815-8363, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- Boulder Meadows
<SOLNBR>AG-0281-S-08-0004
<CONTACT>Idaho Panhandle National Forests, Forest Service, Phone 208 765-7284, Fax 208 765-7229, Email r1_ipnf_aqm@fs.fed.us
<DESC>Bonners Ferry Ranger District, Bonner County, Idaho. Project involves the remediation of flood damage at the Boulder Meadows Bridge site on Forest Development Road No 427, mile post 2.3 and approx. 900 feet on Road No. 427 at approx. mile post 2.6. The work consists of replacing a timber wingwall on one corner of the existing treated timber bridge, replacing anchor rods and anchors for the remaining elements of abutment No. 1, placing riprap along the upstream bank, placing aggregate surfacing and re-shaping 900 feet of ditch and roadway. 
The work includes but is not limited to roadway embankment and excavation, structural excavation, removing woody debris, riprap, roadway surfacing, furnishing and installing treated timber wingwall with anchor system, removing existing timber rail system , installing treated timber running plank, installing glu-laminated curbs, blading, furnishing and installing culverts and other incidental items to complete the project.  Government estimated price range between $100,000 and $250,000.Estimated start work of July 15, 2008 with completion September 30, 2008. Set-aside for HubZone.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/0281/AG-0281-S-08-0004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>83805
<POPADDRESS>Bonners Ferry Ranger District
6286 Main St
Bonners Ferry, ID
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-6 Pacific Northwest Region
<ZIP>97208-3623
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>115310
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-6 Pacific Northwest Region, 333 SW 1st Ave. P.O. Box 3623 Regional Office, Portland, OR, 97208-3623, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- PNW 2008 WCFT and Training Records Review (2007 Water Handling Equipment)
<SOLNBR>AG-04H1-S-08-0001
<RESPDATE>011608
<ARCHDATE>01312008
<CONTACT>Kermadine Barton, Contract Specialist, Phone (541) 471-6746, Fax (541) 471-6512, Email kbarton@fs.fed.us
<DESC>The intent of this solicitation is to obtain the services to monitor WCFT and records review of personnel qualification in accordance with the 2007 Water Handling Equipment Solicitation AG-04H1-S-07-9001. This service will be to monitor 20% of the records and WCFT (Work Capacity Fitness Test). Random selection will be conducted by the Forest Service and information provided back to the contractor with the names and locations. Locations will be listed in the solicitation for Oregon and Washington areas. The solicitation will be posted in Federal Business Opportunities on approximately December 19, 2007.  PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR SOLICITATION PACKAGE SHOULD BE MAILED TO USDA Forest Service, Attention Kermadine Barton, 2164 NE Spalding Avenue, Grants Pass, OR 97526.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/04H1/AG-04H1-S-08-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>97526
<POPADDRESS>States of Oregon and Washington
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-6 Pacific Northwest Region
<ZIP>97208-3623
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>115310
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-6 Pacific Northwest Region, 333 SW 1st Ave. P.O. Box 3623 Regional Office, Portland, OR, 97208-3623, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- PNW 2008 Inspections of Wildland Firefighting Engines and Tenders (2007 Water Handling Equipment)
<SOLNBR>AG-04H1-S-08-0002
<RESPDATE>011608
<ARCHDATE>01312008
<CONTACT>Kermadine Barton, Contract Specialist, Phone (541) 471-6746, Fax (541) 471-6512, Email kbarton@fs.fed.us
<DESC>The intent of this solicitation is to obtain the services to inspect Wildland firefighting Engines and Tenders in accordance with the 2007 Water Handling Equipment Solicitation AG-04H1-S-07-9001. This service will be to inspect 20% (approx. 130) of the awarded equipment. Random selection will be conducted by the Forest Service and information provided back to the contractor with the names and locations. Locations will be listed in the solicitation for Oregon and Washington areas. The solicitation will be posted in Federal Business Opportunities on approximately December 19, 2007.  PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR SOLICITATION PACKAGE SHOULD BE MAILED TO USDA Forest Service, Attention Kermadine Barton, 2164 NE Spalding Avenue, Grants Pass, OR 97526.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/04H1/AG-04H1-S-08-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>97526
<POPADDRESS>States of Oregon and Washington
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-9 Minnesota Shared Service Contracting Unit
<ZIP>55808
<CLASSCOD>F
<NAICS>113110
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-9 Minnesota Shared Service Contracting Unit, 8901 Grand Avenue Pl., Duluth, MN, 55808, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>F -- Mechanical Site Prep
<SOLNBR>AG-63A9-S-08-0008
<RESPDATE>011008
<ARCHDATE>02292008
<CONTACT>Greg Kopel-Anderson, Purchasing Agent, Phone 218-626-4363, Fax 218-626-4397, Email gkopelanderson@fs.fed.us
<DESC>Mechanical site preparation of 290 acres by brush cutting on National Forest Land, Tofte Ranger District, Lake County, Superior National Forest.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/63A9/AG-63A9-S-08-0008/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>55808-1122
<POPADDRESS>8901 Grand Avenue Place
Duluth, MN
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-2 Rocky Mountain Region
<ZIP>80401
<CLASSCOD>F
<NAICS>115310
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-2 Rocky Mountain Region, 740 Simms Street Regional Office, Golden, CO, 80401, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>F -- Lowry Mechanical Fuel Reduction
<SOLNBR>AG-82CS-S-08-0002
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>01182008
<CONTACT>Nona Dale, Purchasing Agent, Phone 970-385-1248, Fax 970-385-1243, Email ndale@fs.fed.us - Nona Dale, Purchasing Agent, Phone 970-385-1248, Fax 970-385-1243, Email ndale@fs.fed.us
<DESC>Lowry Pueblo Hazardous Fuel Reduction, Bid is by the Acre, IDIQ.
Mowing and shredding in 3 treatment units totalling 32.2 acres.  Vegetation to be mowed and shredded will be pinyon pine, juniper,  and mountain shrubs. Contractor will thin vegetation in accordance with contract specifications.  This project is set aside for those contractors with a current BLM Fuel Reduction IDIQ Contract.  This solicitation will be made available only though the Federal Business Opportunities Website - www.fbo.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/82X9/AG-82CS-S-08-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>81323
<POPADDRESS>Montezuma County, Colorado
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-5 Northern Province Acquisitions, Redding Office
<ZIP>96002
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541820
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-5 Northern Province Acquisitions, Redding Office, 3644 Avtech Parkway, Redding, CA, 96002, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Public Affairs Services
<SOLNBR>AG-9A28-S-08-0002
<RESPDATE>010708
<ARCHDATE>02282008
<CONTACT>Lela Stawicki, Contracting Officer, Phone 530-226-2453, Fax 530 226-2474, Email lstawicki@fs.fed.us - Nancy Ruffner, Procurement Assistant, Phone 530 226-2447, Fax 530 226-2474, Email nruffner@fs.fed.us
<DESC>Work consists of providing public affairs services for the Klamath National Forest, Yreka, Siskiyou County, California for ongoing forest activities as well as potential public affairs duties during wildland fire incidents.  Estimated start date is January 15, 2008 and may extend through fire season of 2008.  Solicitation will be Request for Quotation requiring a price proposal as well as a response to the evaluation criteria as outlined in the solicitation.  Request for Quotation will be available for downloading from this website on or about December 20, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/9A28/AG-9A28-S-08-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>96097
<POPADDRESS>1312 Fairlane Road, Yreka, California
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Procurement Branch
<ZIP>20534
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR, Procurement Branch, 320 First Street, N.W., Washington, DC, 20534, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>J -- Commercial Item Services, Maintenance Mechanic, Sewing Equipment
<SOLNBR>CT1884-08
<RESPDATE>122107
<CONTACT>Michael Boucher, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-514-5104, Fax 202-305-7344, Email mboucher@central.unicor.gov - Freida McClain, Supervisory Contracting Officer, Phone 202-305-7333, Fax 202-305-7344, Email fmcclain@central.unicor.gov
<DESC>Commercial Item Services, Maintenance Mechanic, Sewing machines & other sewing equipment. Acquisition is 100% set aside for Small Business. Performance at various Federal Prison Industries cut & sew factories at Federal Prison locations throughout the United States. A Requirements type firm fixed price contract is anticipated for 1 Base year with 2 Options, if exercised. Travel is required, travel expenses will be reimbursed based on standard Federal Government policy and guidelines. Please see the solicitation available on or about 12/06/2007 at this FedBizOpps website for full details of the requirement.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/FPI-UNICOR/MMB/CT1884-08/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20534
<POPADDRESS>Various FPI locations throughout the USA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Goddard Space Flight Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>20771
<CLASSCOD>B
<NAICS>541712
<OFFADD>NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center, Code 210.Y, Greenbelt, MD  20771
<SUBJECT>B--OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF THE EARTH OBSERVING SYSTEM DATA AND INFORMATION SYSTEM SNOW AND ICE DISTRIBUTED ACTIVE ARCHIVE CENTER
<SOLNBR>Colorado2007
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Jennifer A OConnell, Contract Specialist, Phone 301-614-5605, Fax 301-614-5619, Email Jennifer.A.OConnell@nasa.gov - Ann L. Kearney, Contracting Officer, Phone 301-614-5604, Fax 301-614-5619, Email ann.l.kearney@nasa.gov
<DESC>NASA/GSFC intends to negotiate a noncompetitive follow-on contract with the Univeristy of Colorado at Boulder (UCB) for the continued development and operation of the Snow and Ice Distributed Active Archive Center (SI DAAC) for the Earth Observing System Data and Information System (EOSDIS).  The statutory authority is FAR 6.302-3(a)(2)(ii) which provides that full and open comeptition need not be provided for when it is necessary to award a contract to a particular source in order to establish or maintain an essential engineering, research, or development capability to be provided by an educational or other non-profit institution or a federally funded research and development center.  This follow-on contract with UCB will ensure the establishment and maintainability of essential research and development capabilities for NASA?s Earth Science Enterprise Program.  UCB is uniquely qualified to maintaining the engineering work in the development, utilization and calibration of essential algorithms to make the cryospheric research data sets usable to researchers.  The SI DAAC?s application of these algorithms to snow and ice data is indispensable, enabling outside entities to be assured that the data is valid and useful.  The period of performance for this contract will be for five (5) years.  The SI DAAC will continue to be operated as part of the National Snow and Ice Data Center (NSIDC) and would continue to perform user services, product generation, data and information management, archival and distribution, and related science support activities.  NASA/GSFC plans to award the contract to the University of Colorado at Boulder, 449 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309-0572.  Interests in subcontracting opportunities should be directed to UCB at the above mentioned address.  Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications, 10 pages or less, indicating the ability to perform all aspects of this effort in writing via fax number 301-614-5619, attention Jennifer O?Connell or email to Jennifer.A.OConnell@nasa.gov no later then December 18, 2007, at 3:30pm Eastern Standard Time.	Such capabilities/qualifications will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct this procurement on a competitive basis.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed effort on a full and open competitive basis, based upon responses to this notice, is soley within the discretion of the Government.	 Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. The Government does not intend to acquire a commerical item using FAR Part 12.	See Note 26. An Ombudsman has been appointed, See NASA Specific Note ?B? No solicitation exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation.  If a solicitaiton is released it will be synopsized in FebBizOpps and on the NASA Acquisition Internet Service.  It is the potentials offeror?s responsibility to monitor these sites for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall be considered by the agency. Any referenced notes may be viewed at the following URLs linked below.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/GSFC/OPDC20220/Colorado2007/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Jennifer.A.OConnell@nasa.gov
<DESC>Jennifer A OConnell </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Energy
<OFFICE>Federal Locations
<LOCATION>All DOE Federal Contracting Offices
<ZIP>20585
<CLASSCOD>Q
<OFFADD>P.O. Box 2001 Oak Ridge, TN
<SUBJECT>Q--Psychiatric Evaluations
<SOLNBR>DE-AF05-08OR23345
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>06142008
<CONTACT>Carol Jennings, Contracting Officer, 865-576-0644, jenningscs@oro.doe.gov;Carol Jennings, Contract Specialist, 865-576-0644, jenningscs@oro.doe.gov
<DESC>The U.S. Department of Energy, Oak Ridge Office (DOE-ORO) intends to award a purchase order to Dr. Bruce Seidner; Simplified Acquisitions Procedures under FAR Part 13 will be used. DOE-ORO, Access Authorization Branch has a requirement for psychiatric services in connection with personnel security adjudication processes.  The evaluations will be for security clearance applicants to determine if there exists a defect in an individuals judgement or reliability due to drug or alcohol problems, or mental/emotional problems.  Services may include conducting drug screening. A written report/assessment will be due upon completion of the evaluation. May also be asked to testify as an expert witness at hearings. Period of Performance will be from December 17, 2007 through December 31, 2008. Firms who want to challenge the sole-source must submit an interest letter that demonstrates your firms ability to provide an equivalent service and rationale as to why they should be considered, as described above.  All interested firms must respond by 2:00 PM (EST), December 14, 2007, to Carol Jennings, AD-424, U.S. Department of Energy, 200 Administration Rd., Oak Ridge, TN  37830. Email:  jenningscs@oro.doe.gov A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed purchase order based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.  No reimbursement for any costs connected with providing the capability information will be provided by DOE
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOE/PAM/HQ/DE-AF05-08OR23345/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for further details regarding this notice.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>jenningscs@oro.doe.gov
<DESC>Carol Jennings, Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Technology Service (FTS)
<LOCATION>FTS-6TS-A-SMTP
<ZIP>64131
<CLASSCOD>70
<OFFADD>1500 E Bannister Road, Kansas City, MO 64131
<SUBJECT>70--HP Toner (DKTZ08BW004H)
<SOLNBR>DKTZ08BW004H
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>06082008
<CONTACT>Name: Alice Jeffres, Title: Contract Specialist, Phone: 8168231944, Fax: 8168235979, Email: alice.jeffres@gsa.gov;
<DESC>Bids are being solicited under solicitation number DKTZ08BW004H.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; bids are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation is issued as an invitation for bids (IFB), unless otherwise indicated herein. If your company can provide the product/services listed on the solicitation and comply with all of the solicitation instructions, please respond to this notice. To view the specifications, please go to www.FedBid.com and reference Buy No. 59718.  <BR><BR>GSA Schedule 70 SIN 132 8:   Sellers bidding on this opportunity MUST have the items requested on the specified contract. The contract must either be in the Seller's name or the Seller must be able to document its ability to act as an agent of a partner's contract. Sellers may offer Open Market items only in accordance with the approved Terms and Conditions of their respective contract AND approval from the soliciting contracting officer.<BR><BR> This requirement is unrestricted and only qualified sellers may submit bids. The solicitation pricing on www.FedBid.com will start on the date this solicitation is posted and will end on 2007-12-11 17:00:00.0 Eastern Time or as otherwise displayed at www.FedBid.com. FOB Destination shall be Kansas City, MO 64131 <BR><BR>The GSA FTS Region 6 requires the following items, Exact Match Only, to the following:  <BR>LI 001, HP	Q3716A	HP Color LaserJet 5550dtn Printer, 1, EA;<BR>LI 002, HP	C9730A	HP Color LaserJet  Black Print Cartridge, 5, EA; <BR><BR>For this solicitation, GSA FTS Region 6 intends to conduct an online competitive reverse auction to be facilitated by the third-party reverse auction provider, FedBid, Inc. FedBid has developed an online, anonymous, browser based application to conduct the reverse auction. A Seller may submit a series of pricing bids, which descend in price during the specified period of time for the aforementioned reverse auction. GSA FTS Region 6 is taking this action in an effort to improve both seller access and awareness of requests and the agency's ability to gather multiple, completed, real-time bids. All responsible Sellers that respond to this solicitation MUST submit the pricing portion of their bid using the online exchange located at www.FedBid.com. There is no cost to register, review procurement data or make a bid on www.FedBid.com. Sellers that are not currently registered to use www.FedBid.com should proceed to www.FedBid.com to complete their free registration. Sellers that require special considerations or assistance may contact the FedBid Helpdesk at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or via email at clientservices@fedbid.com. Sellers may not artificially manipulate the price of a transaction on www.FedBid.com by any means. It is unacceptable to place bad faith bids, to use decoys in the www.FedBid.com process or to collude with the intent or effect of hampering the competitive www.FedBid.com process. Should Sellers require additional clarification, contact FedBid at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or clientservices@fedbid.com.<BR><BR> Use of FedBid:   Buyers and Sellers agree to conduct this transaction through FedBid in compliance with the FedBid Terms of Use.  Buyers and Sellers understand that FedBid ranks all bids by price; however, pursuant to applicable acquisition regulations and/or departmental guidelines, Buyers may use criteria other than price to evaluate offers.  Accordingly, please note that, unless otherwise specified herein below, to the extent required by applicable regulations and/or guidelines, award will be made to the responsible Seller whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Buyer on the basis of price, technical capability, delivery, and past performance.<BR><BR> Deliver on or before 15 days ARO<BR><BR>Vendors / sales agents submitting quotes MUST BE registered in ITSS (it-solutions.gsa.gov). If vendor registration assistance is needed contact 877.243.2889 Option 2.<BR><BR>Contact: ClientServices@FedBid.com or call 877-933-3243 to address any questions or comments<BR><BR>Company must be registered on DOD's Central Contractor Registry (CCR). Web site is http://www.ccr.gov. Quote must include proof of CCR registration.<BR><BR>Bid MUST be good for 30 calendar days after submission<BR><BR>Bid per specifications requested<BR><BR>Bid is to include all fees, including shipping or freight costs<BR><BR>Provide on bid the estimated ETA, number of days, delivery can be expected after receipt of purchase order.<BR><BR>No partial shipments unless specifically authorized at time of award<BR><BR>All services and products provided in response to this requirement shall comply with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d) and the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board Electronics and Information Technical (EIT) Accessibility Standard (36 CFR part 1194). Quote must include statement addressing compliance or noncompliance with Section 508.<BR><BR>Failure to comply with the above instructions or terms may result in bid being determined as non-responsive.<BR><BR>New equipment only. No refurbished, gray market, or reconditioned items are acceptable.<BR><BR>Lowest Quote that is technically acceptable, to include delivery terms.<BR><BR>Please email Contract price verification information to clientservices@fedbid.com prior to closing date and time.<BR><BR>52.216-27 -- Single or Multiple Awards (Oct 1995) The Government may elect to award a single delivery order contract or task order contract or to award multiple delivery order contracts or task order contracts for the same or similar supplies or services to two or more sources under this solicitation.<BR><BR>
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FTS/6TS-A-SMTP/DKTZ08BW004H/listing.html
<DESC>www.fedbid.com (b-59718, n-9915)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>64131-3009
<POPADDRESS>Kansas City, MO 64131
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>National Institutes of Health
<LOCATION>National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences
<ZIP>27709
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, Office of Acquisitions, Office of Management P.O. Box 12874, 79 T.W. Alexander Dr, Bldg 4401, RTP, NC, 27709, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>70 -- Ingenuity Pathways License Renewal
<SOLNBR>DL296004
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12102008
<CONTACT>Deitra Lunney, Contract Specialist, Phone 919-541-0387, Fax 919-541-5117, Email lunney@niehs.nih.gov
<DESC>The National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with Ingenuity Systems, Mountain View, CA 94043,  pursuant to 41 U.S.C.253(c)(1)--Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  This request is for renewal of three (3) existing Ingenuity Pathways Analysis Software Licenses and adding one (1) additional Ingenuity Pathways Analysis Software License for a one-year period.  This software is required as it offers analytical as well as statistical rigor to the analysis of microarray gene expressions data.  The software also provides access to the Ingenuity Pathways Knowledge Base (IPKB).  The IPKB is a manually curated database of biological interactions and functional annotations created from millions of individually modeled relationships between proteins, genes, complexes, cells, tissues, drugs, and diseases.  Interested parties may identify their interest and capability.  Respond to this requirement by submitting written capabilities/specifications to the Contracting Specialist at the address stated above.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals; however, all responses received within 7 days from the date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this notice is solely with the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.  If no affirmative responses are received within 7 days of this notice to determine whether a qualified source is more advantageous to the Government, the order with Ingenuity.  The NAICS Code/Size is 541511/$23.0M.  This procurement is to be processed using Simplified Acquisition Procedures in conjunction with FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items and is not expected to exceed the Simplified Acquisition threshold of $100,000.  There is no solicitation package available.  For any questions regarding this announcement, please contact Dee Lunney via email lunney@niehs.nih.gov.*****
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/NIH/NIEHS/DL296004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Transportation
<OFFICE>Maritime Administration (MARAD)
<LOCATION>WR Acquisition
<ZIP>94105-1905
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>DOT/Maritime Administration, WR Acquisition 201 Mission Street, Suite 1800 San Francisco CA 94105
<SUBJECT>J--BG08506 Drydocking
<SOLNBR>DTMA4Q08001
<RESPDATE>010708
<ARCHDATE>12032008
<CONTACT>Debra Velmere Contracting Officer 4157444140     ;
<DESC>Drydock vessel for hull cleaning, blasting and coating.  Install diesel fuel dispensing system.  Support ABS Load line renewal survey. Vessel is located at Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet; however performance will be at the awardee's facility.  Work is be performed in the local bay area as the vessel is not seaworthy for ocean tow. The solicitation will be available by electronic posting and and may be found at www.fedbizopps.gov or http://ideasec.nbc.gov and will be available no earlier then January 8, 2008.  If you would like to be directly contacted please respond to the Contracting Officer, Debra Velmere, debbie.velmere@dot.gov, (415) 744-4140 by January 7, 2008 to ensure registration requirements.   (1)  Contractors are required to register or update their registration at the Central Contractor Registration website at www.ccr.gov in order to receive a contract award under this solicitation.  (2)  No paper copies of the solicitation will be available.  Bids however will not be accepted electronically. They are to be submitted to the Contracting Officer's attention: Maritime Administration, Western Region, 201 Mission St, Ste 2200, San Francisco CA 94105.  (3)  Effective January 1, 2005, bidders are to submit representations and certifications electronically via the Business Partner Network (BPN) Website at http://orca.bpn.gov.  (4)  ATTENTION: Minority, Women-owned, and Disadvantaged Business Enterprises (DBEs)! The Department of Transportation (DOT), Short-Term Lending Program (STLP) offers working capital financing in the form of lines of credit to finance accounts receivable for transportation related contracts. Maximum line of credit is $500,000 with interest at the prime rate. For further information, call (800) 532-1169. Internet address: http://osdbuweb.dot.gov. If you have further questions, you may also contact the Contracting Officer by email:  debbie.velmere@marad.dot.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOT/MARAD/WR/DTMA4Q08001/listing.html
<DESC>Please click here to view more details.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>EC_helpdesk@NBC.GOV
<DESC>Point of Contact above, or if none listed, contact the IDEAS EC HELP DESK for assistance
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>94510
<POPADDRESS>Vessel located at Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Transportation
<OFFICE>Maritime Administration (MARAD)
<LOCATION>WR Acquisition
<ZIP>94105-1905
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>DOT/Maritime Administration, WR Acquisition 201 Mission Street, Suite 1800 San Francisco CA 94105
<SUBJECT>J--FB 650 Garage Barge Drydocking and Repair
<SOLNBR>DTMA4Q08002
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>12032008
<CONTACT>Debra Velmere Contracting Officer 4157444140     ;
<DESC>Drydcok vessel for hull cleanng, blasting and coating.  Perform internal inspeciton, potentially blast and coat tank internals.  Perform repairs to conegated metal shed on main deck, blast and coat.  Install contaInment lip in H2M storage area. Vessel is located at Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet; however performance will be at the awardee's facility.  Work is be performed in the local bay area as the vessel is not seaworthy for ocean tow. The solicitation will be available by electronic posting and and may be found at www.fedbizopps.gov or http://ideasec.nbc.gov and will be available no earlier then January 2, 2008.  If you would like to be directly contacted please respond to the Contracting Officer, Debra Velmere, debbie.velmere@dot.gov, (415) 744-4140 by December 31, 2008 to ensure registration requirements.   (1)  Contractors are required to register or update their registration at the Central Contractor Registration website at www.ccr.gov in order to receive a contract award under this solicitation.  (2)  No paper copies of the solicitation will be available.  Bids however will not be accepted electronically. They are to be submitted to the Contracting Officer's attention: Maritime Administration, Western Region, 201 Mission St, Ste 2200, San Francisco CA 94105.  (3)  Effective January 1, 2005, bidders are to submit representations and certifications electronically via the Business Partner Network (BPN) Website at http://orca.bpn.gov.  (4)  ATTENTION: Minority, Women-owned, and Disadvantaged Business Enterprises (DBEs)! The Department of Transportation (DOT), Short-Term Lending Program (STLP) offers working capital financing in the form of lines of credit to finance accounts receivable for transportation related contracts. Maximum line of credit is $500,000 with interest at the prime rate. For further information, call (800) 532-1169. Internet address: http://osdbuweb.dot.gov. If you have further questions, you may also contact the Contracting Officer by email:  debbie.velmere@marad.dot.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOT/MARAD/WR/DTMA4Q08002/listing.html
<DESC>Please click here to view more details.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>EC_helpdesk@NBC.GOV
<DESC>Point of Contact above, or if none listed, contact the IDEAS EC HELP DESK for assistance
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>94510
<POPADDRESS>Vessel located at Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet Benicia CA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Transportation
<OFFICE>Maritime Administration (MARAD)
<LOCATION>WR Acquisition
<ZIP>94105-1905
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>DOT/Maritime Administration, WR Acquisition 201 Mission Street, Suite 1800 San Francisco CA 94105
<SUBJECT>J--Osprey Drydocking
<SOLNBR>DTMA4Q08003
<RESPDATE>011108
<ARCHDATE>12032008
<CONTACT>Debra Velmere Contracting Officer 4157444140     ;
<DESC>Drydock vessel for cleaning and coating of underwater hull and jet drives. Vessel is located at Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet; however performance will be at the awardee's facility.  Work is be performed in the local bay area as the vessel is not seaworthy for ocean tow. The solicitation will be available by electronic posting and and may be found at www.fedbizopps.gov or http://ideasec.nbc.gov no earlier then January 12, 2008.  If you would like to be directly contacted please respond to the Contracting Officer, Debra Velmere, debbie.velmere@dot.gov, (415) 744-4140 by January 11, 2008 to ensure registration requirements.   (1)  Contractors are required to register or update their registration at the Central Contractor Registration website at www.ccr.gov in order to receive a contract award under this solicitation.  (2)  No paper copies of the solicitation will be available.  Bids however will not be accepted electronically. They are to be submitted to the Contracting Officer's attention: Maritime Administration, Western Region, 201 Mission St, Ste 2200, San Francisco CA 94105.  (3)  Effective January 1, 2005, bidders are to submit representations and certifications electronically via the Business Partner Network (BPN) Website at http://orca.bpn.gov.  (4)  ATTENTION: Minority, Women-owned, and Disadvantaged Business Enterprises (DBEs)! The Department of Transportation (DOT), Short-Term Lending Program (STLP) offers working capital financing in the form of lines of credit to finance accounts receivable for transportation related contracts. Maximum line of credit is $500,000 with interest at the prime rate. For further information, call (800) 532-1169. Internet address: http://osdbuweb.dot.gov. If you have further questions, you may also contact the Contracting Officer by email:  debbie.velmere@marad.dot.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOT/MARAD/WR/DTMA4Q08003/listing.html
<DESC>Please click here to view more details.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>EC_helpdesk@NBC.GOV
<DESC>Point of Contact above, or if none listed, contact the IDEAS EC HELP DESK for assistance
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>94510
<POPADDRESS>Vessel located at Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet Benicia CA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Procurement Branch
<ZIP>20534
<CLASSCOD>36
<NAICS>333511
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR, Procurement Branch, 320 First Street, N.W., Washington, DC, 20534, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>36 -- MOLDS
<SOLNBR>EP2414-08
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12252007
<CONTACT>Rosetta Holland, Contract Specialist, Phone 202-305-3726, Fax 202-305-7355, Email rholland4@central.unicor.gov
<DESC>THIS IS A SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION.  SEE SOLICITATION POSTING.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/FPI-UNICOR/MMB/EP2414-08/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>77705
<POPADDRESS>UNICOR FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES
5980 KNAUTH ROAD
BEAUMONT, TEXAS
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Contracting Office/Otisville
<ZIP>10940
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334417
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR, Contracting Office/Otisville, P.O. Box 600 2 Mile Drive, Otisville, NY, 10940, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- CTR12621 Connector
<SOLNBR>EP2416-08
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Staci Card, Contracting Officer, Phone 845-386-6851, Fax 845-386-6720, Email scard@central.unicor.gov
<DESC>THIS IS A COMBINED SYNOPSIS/ SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FORMAT IN SUBPART 12.6 AS SUPPLEMENTED WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE.  PLEASE SEE THE SOLICITATION FOR DETAILS.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/FPI-UNICOR/OTV/EP2416-08/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>85086
<POPADDRESS>UNICOR
3790 N 45TH AVE
PHOENIX, AZ
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Maxwell AFB Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>36112-6334
<CLASSCOD>72
<NAICS>484210
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Education and Training Command, Maxwell AFB Contracting Squadron, 50 LeMay Plaza South Bldg 804, Maxwell AFB, AL, 36112-6334, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>72 -- Packing and Crating
<SOLNBR>F2X3C87285AM01
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>01052008
<CONTACT>Joel Kurzdorfer, Contracts Officer, Phone 334-953-5227, Fax 334-953-3341, Email joel.kurzdorfer@maxwell.af.mil
<DESC>THIS REQUIREMENT IS LIMITED TO 100% SMALL BUSINESSES WITHIN THE 200 MILE RADIUS OF AREA CODE 36112 (MAXWELL AIR FORCE BASE, ALABAMA).

The 42d Contracting Squadron, 50 LeMay Plaza South, Bldg 804, Maxwell AFB, AL 36112, is synopsizing a requirement to provide all labor materials, transportation, materials and equipment necessary to provide Packing and Crating and Local Drayage for Maxwell AFB and Gunter Annex, AL.  The period of performance will include a base period of 1 Apr 08 through 30 Sept 08, and 4 one-year options.  This announcement constitutes the only synopsis.  This is a 100% set-aside for small business.  This is expected to be a Firm-Fixed Price.  The North American Industrial Classification Code is 484210 and the small business size standard is $23,5000,000.  The solicitation, including the Performance Work Statement, will be available on the FedBizOps (FBO) website at http://www.fbo.gov in the near future.  Paper copies of the RFP will not be available; you may download the RFP and submit your proposal as required.  Once the finalized RFP is posted, it is incumbent upon the interested parties to review this site frequently for any updates/amendments to any and all documents.  IMPORTANT NOTICE: All offerors responding to the RFP must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database at http://www.ccr.gov, the Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF) database at http://www.wawf.eb.mil and the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) at http://www.bpn.gov.  Offerors not registered in the Central Contractor Registration are ineligible for award.  Point of contact for this requirement is 1LT Joel Kurzdorfer, who may be reached at joel.kurzdorfer@maxell.af.mil or (334) 953-5227.  Due dates for receipt of performance references and proposals will be listed in the finalized RFP.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/MaxAFBCS/F2X3C87285AM01/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>36112
<POPADDRESS>50 LeMay Plaza South
Maxwell AFB, AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>4 CONS
<ZIP>27531
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>561720
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Combat Command, 4 CONS, 1695 Wright Brothers Ave, Seymour Johnson AFB, NC, 27531, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>S -- Base Custodial Services
<SOLNBR>FA4809-08-R0001
<ARCHDATE>02012008
<CONTACT>Ryan Johnson, Contract Specialist, Phone 919-722-7145, Fax 919-722-5404, Email ryan.johnson@seymourjohnson.af.mil - Erica Wilson, Contract Specialist, Phone 919-722-5410, Fax 919-722-5404, Email erica.wilson@seymourjohnson.af.mil
<DESC>Seymour Johnson AFB, North Carolina, has a requirement for base-wide custodial services and intends to issue a formal Request for Proposals (RFP) on or about 8 Jan 2008 via Fed Biz Opps. A scheduled site visit date will also be released at that time.  The contractor shall provide all supervision, personnel, equipment, transportation, and other items and services necessary to perform custodial services for various buildings on Seymour Johnson Air Force Base.  The contractor shall perform in accordance with standards outlined in the Performance Work Statement (PWS).  Services include, but are not limited to, vacuuming and shampooing carpets; cleaning and disinfecting restrooms, saunas and steam rooms; stocking restrooms; emptying trash receptacles; dusting; sweeping, mopping, stripping and waxing floors and other general cleaning requirements.  The solicitation will result in a firm fixed priced contract with a Base Period 1 Apr 08 - 30 Sep 08 and three (3) one-year option periods extending through 30 Sep 2011.  The SBA Requirement Number is 0460/08/800658/01.  This acquisition is a 100% competitive 8(a) set aside and is limited to firms in the Transitional Stage with 5 - 9 years in the 8(a) Program.  Joint Ventures are allowable on competitive 8(a) set-asides and must be received by SBA prior to proposal due date and approved before award of a resulting contract.  If you are contemplating a joint venture on this project, you must advise your assigned Business Development Specialist (BDS) as soon as possible.  It is recommended that the agreement be submitted as soon as practicable to ensure compliance with established regulations.  Any corrections and/or changes can be made only when your BDS has adequate time for a thorough review before the proposal due date.  NO CORRECTION AND/OR CHANGES ARE ALLOWED AFTER TIME OF SUBMISSION OF PROPOSAL.  The NAICS code is 561720 - Janitorial Services and the size standard is $15 million in average annual gross receipts.  The successful contractor will be selected using performance/price tradeoff procedures in accordance with FAR 15.101-1, resulting in the Best Value to the Government.  The entire solicitation will be made available only on the Federal Business Opportunities website www.fedbizopps.gov.  No paper copies will be issued.  Potential offerors are responsible for monitoring this site for the release of this solicitation package.  To be eligible for contract award offerors must be registered in the DoD Central Contractor Registration (CCR).  Register via the CCR website www.ccr.gov.  All responsible sources may submit a proposal that shall be considered by this Agency.  Interested contractors are encouraged to submit their contact information by registering as an interested vendor utilizing the Vendor Notification Service link within the Register to Receive Notification function.  No bidders mailing list will be maintained.  Offers will be submitted on the Standard Form 1449 and must include as a minimum the items listed in FAR Clause 52.212-1(b).  This clause may be viewed at http://farsite.hill.af.mil.  Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to SSgt Ryan Johnson, 919-722-7145 or Ms Erica Wilson, 919-722-5405.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/4CONS/FA4809-08-R0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>8a Competitive
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>27531-2459
<POPADDRESS>Seymour Johnson AFB, NC
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>99 CONS
<ZIP>89191-7063
<CLASSCOD>U
<NAICS>611420
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Combat Command, 99 CONS, 5865 Swaab Blvd, Nellis AFB, NV, 89191-7063, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>U -- Distance Learning and Computer Technology
<SOLNBR>FA4861-08-Q-B001-1
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Marcia Lee, Contract Specialist, Phone 702-652-9574, Fax 702-652-5405, Email marcia.lee@nellis.af.mil - Rebecca  Graham, Contract Specialist, Phone 702-652-3145, Fax 702-652-5405, Email rebecca.graham@nellis.af.mil
<DESC>Solicitation will be posted in its entirety on or about 4 December 2007.

Nellis AFB, Las Vegas, NV requires a contract for a Distance Learning and Computer Technology administrator.  Services include providing learning administrator and computer technology support for the Base Training and Education Services program  per the Statement of Work (SOW).  The projected base period of performance will be from 1 Feb 2008 through 30 Sep 2008 with 4 additional 12-month option periods.  This is a firm, fixed-price contract.  This requirement is 100% set-aside for small business.  The requirement will be solicited and evaluated under FAR 12, Commercial Items and FAR 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 611420 and the small business size standard is $6.5M.  The solicitation will be issued on or about 4 Dec 07 via the Internet. Interested parties may download the Solicitation FA4861-08-Q-B001-1 at www.fedbizopps.gov.  Paper copies of the solicitation will not be available.  Award will be made based on price and technical qualification. The offerors must be registered in the DOD Central Contractor Registration Database (CCR) at www.ccr.gov. If you have any questions, please contact Marcia Lee at marcia.lee@nellis.af.mil.or fax to 702-652-5405.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/99CONS/FA4861-08-Q-B001-1/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>89191-7063
<POPADDRESS>Nellis Air Force Base
Las Vegas Nevada
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1022
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Luke AFB Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>85309
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>333999
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Education and Training Command, Luke AFB Contracting Squadron, 14100 W. Eagle Street, Luke AFB, AZ, 85309, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- Preventative maintenance/repair vehicle barrier systems
<SOLNBR>FA4887-08-R-0002
<CONTACT>Brian Reese, Contract Administrator, Phone 623-856-7179 x253, Fax 623-856-3438, Email brian.reese@luke.af.mil - Mary Peetz, Contracting Officer, Phone 623) 856-7179 x250, Fax (623) 856-3438, Email mary.peetz@luke.af.mil
<DESC>This requirement is for base plus four option years for vehicle barrier preventative maintenance/repair. Service will include annual and quarterly preventative maintenance. Routine, urgent, and emergency repair service calls requires onsite arrival at 12 hours, 8 hours, and 4 hours respectively. 

Contractor shall provide all labor, tools, equipment, parts, materials, and transportation required for preventive maintenance inspections and intervening repair calls for the Vehicle Arresting Security Barrier System at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona, South Entry Gate. 

Delivery will be FOB Destination to Luke AFB, AZ 85309. Net payment terms are 30 days. WAWF electronic invoicing is a mandatory requirement. All offerors need to have current CCR registration. This is a 100% small-business set-aside.

SF1449 will follow this notice. Response date will be posted on SF1449.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/LukeAFBCS/FA4887-08-R-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>85309-1217
<POPADDRESS>14100 W. Eagle Street
Luke AFB, AZ
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>3 CONS - Elmendorf
<ZIP>99506-2500
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Pacific Air Forces, 3 CONS - Elmendorf, 10480 22nd Street, Elmendorf AFB, AK, 99506-2500, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Y -- Construct Addition, Building 15364, Elmendorf AFB Alaska
<SOLNBR>FA5000-07-R-0017
<RESPDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<CONTACT>Jessica Rigby, Contracting Specialist, Phone 907-552-5362, Fax 9007-552-7497, Email jessica.rigby@elmendorf.af.mil - Michelle Jones, Contract Administrator, Phone 907-552-5731, Fax 907-552-7497, Email michelle.jones@elmendorf.af.mil
<DESC>This is a sole source 8 (a) award please do not respond. This is only input to be able to input award data. Refer to Award FA5000-08-C-0001.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/PAF/3CS/FA5000-07-R-0017/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>99506-2501
<POPADDRESS>Elmendorf AFB Alaska
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>374 CONS - Yokota
<ZIP>96328-5228
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Pacific Air Forces, 374 CONS - Yokota, Unit 5228, Yokota AB, APO Japan, ., 96328-5228, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>J -- Maintenance of Swimming Pool
<SOLNBR>FA5209-08-T-0028
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Yoshinari Yasuda, Contract Specialist, Phone 81-42-551-6120, Fax 81-42-551-0973, Email yoshinari.yasuda.jp@yokota.af.mil
<DESC>Maintenance of Swimming Pool and Jacuzzi, Yano Fitness center, Camp Zama.



NOTE:  THIS PROJECT WILL BE PERFORMED IN ITS ENTIRETY IN THE COUNTRY OF JAPAN.  THE SUCCESSFUL OFFEROR MUST BE LICENSED AND REGISTERED TO PERFORM WORK IN THE COUNTRY OF JAPAN.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/PAF/374CONS/FA5209-08-T-0028/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>JAPAN
<POPADDRESS>Zama-shi, Kanagawa-ken, Japan
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>18 CONS - Kadena
<ZIP>96368-5199
<CLASSCOD>35
<NAICS>561790
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Pacific Air Forces, 18 CONS - Kadena, Unit 5199, Kadena AB, APO Japan, AP, 96368-5199, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>35 -- Cleaning Heating Ventilation Air Conditioning Duct Systems
<SOLNBR>FA5270-08-T-0007
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12142007
<CONTACT>Etsuko Etani, Contract Specialist, Phone DSN:634-4788, Fax DSN:634-1761, Email etsuko.etani.jp@kadena.af.mil - Kimiko Tomihira, Contracting Officer, Phone 634-4781, Fax 634-1761, Email kimiko.tomihira@kadena.af.mil
<DESC>Please download the actual solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/PAF/18CONS/FA5270-08-T-0007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>United States Air Force Europe
<LOCATION>48 CONS/LGC - Lakenheath
<ZIP>09461-0270
<CLASSCOD>Q
<NAICS>621511
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, United States Air Force Europe, 48 CONS/LGC - Lakenheath, RAF Lakenheath Unit 5070 Box 270, RAF Lakenheath, UK, 09461-0270, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Q -- Demand Drug Reduction
<SOLNBR>FA5587-08-T-0014
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Brian Sonnier, Contract Specialist, Phone 44 1638 522165, Fax 44 1638 522268, Email brian.sonnier@lakenheath.af.mil - Bonnie Yoakum, Contract Specialist, Phone 44 1638 522384, Fax 44 1638 522268, Email bonnie.yoakum@lakenheath.af.mil
<DESC>The 48 MDG requires a Drug Testing Program Assistant Manager at RAF Mildenhall.  Please see attached Solicitation and Amendment and respond by the due date.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/USAFE/48CONSLGC/FA5587-08-T-0014/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED KINGDOM
<POPZIP>IP27 9PN
<POPADDRESS>RAF Mildenhall, UK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>United States Air Force Europe
<LOCATION>39th Contracting Sqd - Incirlik
<ZIP>09824-0280
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>332510
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, United States Air Force Europe, 39th Contracting Sqd - Incirlik, Incirlik AB Unit 7090 Box 127, Incirlik AB, Turkey, ., 09824-0280, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>99 -- Mechanical Cipher Locks
<SOLNBR>FA5685-08-T-0007
<ARCHDATE>02142008
<CONTACT>Brandy Allen, Contract Specialist, Phone  00903223168075, Fax  , Email brandy.allen@us.af.mil - Gwanna Muchison, Contracting Specialist, Phone 90-322-3168074, Fax 90-322-3161090, Email gwanna.muchison@incirlik.af.mil
<DESC>The Contractor shall provide 500 Mechanical Cipher Lock, Part # KABA 5041-XK-WL-26D-41, Manufactorer: EMTA INSAAT or its Equal.

Required delivery date for this requirement will be 30 days after award.  A formal Request for Quotation (RFQ) will be issued on or about 14 December 2007 via Fed Biz Ops.  Any prospective contractor must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) (http://www.ccr.gov) in order to be eligible for award.  Instructions for registering are available at the CCR website. 

ATTENTION POTENTIAL OFFERORS

Important information concerning eligibility for award of this requirement.  

1.  Due to established economic agreements between the United States Government and the Government of Turkey, the Air Force intends to award this requirement to a business concern within the country of Turkey, if available.  Therefore, proposals outside of Turkey will not be considered. 

2.  The solicitation will be electronically through Fed Biz Ops.  It is highly encouraged that you download solicitation due to hard copy being unavailable. 

The Point of Contract for this requirement will be Brandy Allen, Contract Specialist and can be reached commercially at (001) 90-322-316-8075 or by e-mail at brandy.allen@us.af.mil.  If the primary POC is not available, contract Gwanna Muchison, Contracting Specialist  at (001) 90-322-316-8075 or by e-mail at Gwanna. Muchison @incirlik.af.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/USAFE/39CS/FA5685-08-T-0007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>TURKEY
<POPZIP>09824
<POPADDRESS>Incirlik AB, Adana, Turkey
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker AFB - 72d Contracting Sq
<ZIP>73145-9106
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>333997
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Tinker AFB - 72d Contracting Sq, 72 CONS 7858 5th Street Ste 1, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-9106, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>66 -- Automated Calibration Press
<SOLNBR>FA810108T0013
<RESPDATE>010708
<ARCHDATE>03302008
<CONTACT>Kerianne Noel, Contract Specialist, Phone (405) 739-3743, Fax (405) 739-7457, Email kerianne.noel@tinker.af.mil - Gene Wahweah, Contracting Officer, Phone (405) 739-5397, Fax (405) 739-7423, Email gene.wahweah@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Requirement is for an Automated Calibration Press consisting of: 0001 AC-CSA-100K Automated Cal System for Platform, Jackweigh & Wheel Load Scales, P/N 140141-100, quantity 1 each 0002 Loadcell 20-25K Lb. Canister with/ N.I.S.T. Traceable Certification, P/N 603160, quantity 1 each 0003 Loadcell 60K Lb. Canister with/ N.I.S.T. Traceable Certification, P/N 603050, quantity 1 each. This is a sole source requirement to Intercomp Co. Medina, MN 55340-9342. Solicitation will issue on or about 6 December 2007 and close on or about 7 January 2008. Solicitation will be available on the FedBizOpps website on or about 6 December 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCBC/FA810108T0013/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>73145
<POPADDRESS>Tinker AFB, OK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0827
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR STE 1AC4 97E; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>66--INDICATOR,TEMPERATU
<SOLNBR>FA8103-07-Q-0729
<RESPDATE>092607
<CONTACT>Regina  Patton, Phone 405-739-5494, Fax 405-739-4417, Email regina.patton@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): 6620011805183, FA810307Q0729, FD20300782512 Item: 0001 NSN: 6620011805183 INDICATOR,TEMPERATU P/N: 208-0130-005, P/N: EHU-49/A,  Description: APPL F16 ACFT. Type EHU-49/A Spec No. Mil-0-00000,  aerno 00000000. 6.5 in long x 2.0 in diameter. Material content: non-corrosive metal alloy with inter electro-mechanical and solid state device. Displays Fan turbine temperature to pilot.  NSN is for procurement purposes only, and is not to be cited on any contract. If AWD is made to a source below, use appl. Nsn. If award is made to a source for which there is no stock no, contact MMMSDP for assignment of a NC No. Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Destn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery: 31OCT2007, 1.00     PR Number(s): 6620011805183, FA810307Q0729, FD20300782512 Item: 0002 NSN: 6620011805183 INDICATOR,TEMPERATU P/N: 208-0130-005, P/N: EHU-49/A,  Description: APPL F16 ACFT. Type EHU-49/A Spec No. Mil-0-00000,  aerno 00000000. 6.5 in long x 2.0 in diameter. Material content: non-corrosive metal alloy with inter electro-mechanical and solid state device. Displays Fan turbine temperature to  pilot.  NSN is for procurement purposes only,and is not to be cited on any contract. If AWD is made to a source below, use appl. Nsn. If award is made to a source for which there is no stock no, contact MMMSDP for assignment of a NC No. Total Line Item Qty: 3.0000    Destn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery: 31OCT2007, 3.00     The anticipated award date will be:31OCT2006 Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  To: PARKER HANNIFIN CORPORATION, IRVINE, CA.,92618-1814. To: AMETEK AEROSPACE PRODUCTS, WILMINGTON, MA.,01887-2177. See Note(s) 25 and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8103-07-Q-0729/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>regina.patton@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Regina Patton
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>51
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR;BLDG 3001 STE 1AH100A; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>51--SOCKET,WRENCH,FACE
<SOLNBR>FA8103-08-Q-0208
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<CONTACT>Paula  Long, Phone 405-739-4489, Fax 405-739-2817, Email paula.long@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20300803503 Item: 0001 NSN: 5120003030942FGFG SOCKET,WRENCH,FACE P/N: F52147,  Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Applicable to: None Destn: FE4528,MINOT AFB,ND.,58705-5001.  Delivery: 30SEP2008, 1.00     The anticipated award date will be:05NOV2007 Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  See Note(s) 25 and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8103-08-Q-0208/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>paula.long@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Paula Long
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR STE 1AC4 97E; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>59--CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB
<SOLNBR>FA8103-08-R-0108
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>04172008
<CONTACT>Carlos  Escobar, Phone 405-734-8487, Fax 405-739-3462, Email juan.escobar@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20300870144 Item: 0001 NSN: 5998012668089HYHY CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB P/N: 709288-4,  Description: THE NHA, CONVERTER/REGULATOR HAS VOLTAGE AND CURRENT LEVEL DETECTION LOGIC TO MONITOR NORMAL AND ABNORMAL POWER SOURCES AND PROVIDES FAULT/STATUS TO PILOT INDICATORS.  DIMENSIONS: N/A  KIND OF MATERIAL:  ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS  NHA: 6130-01-209-9062HY Total Line Item Qty: 34.0000    Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 28NOV2008, 22.00     PR Number(s): FD20300870144 Item: 0001AA NSN: 5998012668089HYHY CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB P/N: 709288-4,  Description: THE NHA, CONVERTER/REGULATOR HAS VOLTAGE AND CURRENT LEVEL DETECTION LOGIC TO MONITOR NORMAL AND ABNORMAL POWER SOURCES AND PROVIDES FAULT/STATUS TO PILOT INDICATORS.  DIMENSIONS: N/A  KIND OF MATERIAL:  ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS  NHA: 6130-01-209-9062HY Total Line Item Qty: 22.0000    Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 28NOV2008, 22.00     PR Number(s): FD20300870144 Item: 0001AB NSN: 5998012668089HYHY CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB P/N: 709288-4,  Description: THE NHA, CONVERTER/REGULATOR HAS VOLTAGE AND CURRENT LEVEL DETECTION LOGIC TO MONITOR NORMAL AND ABNORMAL POWER SOURCES AND PROVIDES FAULT/STATUS TO PILOT INDICATORS.  DIMENSIONS: N/A  KIND OF MATERIAL:  ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS  NHA: 6130-01-209-9062HY Total Line Item Qty: 7.0000    Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 28NOV2008, 22.00     PR Number(s): FD20300870144 Item: 0001AC NSN: 5998012668089HYHY CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB P/N: 709288-4,  Description: THE NHA, CONVERTER/REGULATOR HAS VOLTAGE AND CURRENT LEVEL DETECTION LOGIC TO MONITOR NORMAL AND ABNORMAL POWER SOURCES AND PROVIDES FAULT/STATUS TO PILOT INDICATORS.  DIMENSIONS: N/A  KIND OF MATERIAL:  ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS  NHA: 6130-01-209-9062HY Total Line Item Qty: 5.0000    Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 28NOV2008, 22.00     Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  To: SMITH AEROSPACE, LLC, BOHEMIA, NY.,11716-0000. To: SMITH AEROSPACE, LLC, BOHEMIA, NY.,11716-0000. To: SMITH AEROSPACE, LLC, BOHEMIA, NY.,11716-0000. To: SMITH AEROSPACE, LLC, BOHEMIA, NY.,11716-0000. See Note(s) 25 and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8103-08-R-0108/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>juan.escobar@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Carlos Escobar
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--Repair and Return (R&R) for the Foreign Military Sales (FMS) program for 1 T700 Engine for the Greece Apache Helicopter.
<SOLNBR>FA8104-05-G-0004
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>02162008
<CONTACT>Joshua Cato, 256-313-5711
<DESC>Firm-Fixed-Price Delivery Order against BOA FA8104-05-G-0004 sole source to GE Engine Services Inc, DBA GE, 1 Neumann Way, Cincinnati, OH 45215-1915, data unique to this contractor.  No Depot Maintenance Work Requirement (DMWR) available.  Interested  parties may identify their capabilities to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  See Note 22.  Point of contact for this action is Mr. Joshua Cato, (256) 313-5711 or joshua.cato@us.army.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/FA8104-05-G-0004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>joshua.cato@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-RD-F, Building 5303, Martin Road Redstone Arsenal AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0813
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting), 3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-3015, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- F-100 Engines-Synchronizing Ring
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0559
<CONTACT>Antonino Lenora, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-734-8762, Fax 405-734-8776, Email antonino.lenora@tinker.af.mil - Donna Lovell, Contract Negotiator, Phone 405-734-8771, Fax 405-734-8776, Email donna.lovell@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Synchronizing Ring, SOL FA8104-07-R-0559 OC-ALC/PKXDA TINKER AFB OK 73145-3015.  For additional information, contact Nino Lenora @ 448th CBSG/PKA (405) 734-8762.  Item 0001 NSN 2840-01-454-8470 NZ P/N:  4082995-01 Applicable to F-100/200/220 Engine. Size/Dimensions:  O.D: Approx 45 inches. I.D: Approx .43 inches. Height: Approx 2 inches. Width: Approx 1.5 inches.  Function:  Augmentor sync ring controls movement or convergent nozzle segments by a series of interconnected links. Predominant material of manufacture:  Titanium Alloy.  The approximate solicitation issue date will be 30 Aug 2007.  The anticipated award date will be 5 Oct 2007.  Required quantity range:  Min 3 Max 20 ea Delivery: 30 May 08. Qualification requirements:  Sources must be qualified prior to being considered for award.  Qualification information can be obtained from OC-ALC/SB, ATTN:  Source Development Office, 3001 Staff Dr Ste 1AG 85A, Tinker AFB OK  73145-3009 (405) 739-7243 or (405) 739-7244 for further information concerning the source approval process.  First Article Testing is required.  Written procedure will be used for this solicitation.  TO:  Delta Ind. Inc., Dynamic Gunver Technologies, and United Technologies Corp.  Responsible sources solicited may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered. Authority:  10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1), Justification:  supplies (or Services) required are available from only or a limited number of responsible sources(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.  Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets qualifications requirements at the time of award in accordance with FAR Clause 52.209-1.  The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualifications requirements as cited in each individual solicitation.  It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contact with the firm(s) listed.  Note:  while price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation.  Note:   An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition.  The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel.  When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern.  The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process.  Interested parties are invited to call Ombudsman at (405) 736-3273.  DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.  Note:  Faxed solicitation requests can be submitted to the 448th CBSG/PKA, Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015.  FAX NUMBER (405) 734-8776.   See Note(s) 8, 23, and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8104-07-R-0559/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0815
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting), 3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-3015, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- F-100 Engine-Duct Fan
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0590
<CONTACT>Antonino Lenora, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-734-8762, Fax 405-734-8776, Email antonino.lenora@tinker.af.mil - Donna Lovell, Contract Negotiator, Phone 405-734-8771, Fax 405-734-8776, Email donna.lovell@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>DUCT FAN, AIRCRAFT G SOL FA8104-07-R-0590 OC-ALC/PKXDA TINKER AFB OK 73145-3015.  For additional information, contact Nino Lenora @ 448th CBSG/PKA (405) 734-8762.  Item 0001 NSN 2840-01-387-2657 NZ P/N:  4084856. Applicable to F-100/220E Engine. Size/Dimensions:  Overall Diameter 41.01 inches nominal, overall length 43.75 inches. Function:  Funnels fan inlet for cooling along outer duct and provides mounting for engine accessories.  Predominant material of manufacture:  Titanium. Delivery: MIN 4, MAX 21 EA by 29 AUG 2008.  The approximate solicitation issue date will be 31 Aug 2007.  The anticipated award date will be 5 Oct 2007. First Article Testing Required.  Qualification requirements:  Sources must be qualified prior to being considered for award.  Qualification information can be obtained from OC-ALC/SB, ATTN:  Source Development Office, 3001 Staff Dr Ste 1AG 85A, Tinker AFB OK  73145-3009 (405) 739-7243 or (405) 739-7244 for further information concerning the source approval process.  Written procedure will be used for this solicitation. TO:  Smith Aerospace Compts (Cage-016126), Chem-Tronics Inc-CA(1) (Cage-023163), and United Technologies Corp (052661).  Responsible sources solicited may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered. Authority:  10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1), Justification:  supplies (or Services) required are available from only or a limited number of responsible sources(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.  Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets qualifications requirements at the time of award in accordance with FAR Clause 52.209-1.  The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualifications requirements as cited in each individual solicitation.  It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contact with the firm(s) listed. Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition.  The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel.  When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern.  The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process.  Interested parties are invited to call Ombudsman at (405) 736-3273.  DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.  Note:  Faxed solicitation requests can be submitted to the 448th CBSG/PKA, Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015.  FAX NUMBER (405) 734-8776.   See Note(s) 8,23, and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8104-07-R-0590/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR STE 2AG1 109B; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>29--MODULE KIT,SERVO VA
<SOLNBR>FA8104-08-Q-0058
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<CONTACT>Stephen  Yates, Phone 405-734-8769, Fax 405-734-8776, Email Stephen.Yates@Tinker.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20300870853 Item: 0001 NSN: 2915012445400NZNZ MODULE KIT,SERVO VA P/N: 351044, P/N: 20105100-101,  Description: 4.0 inches length x 2.0 inches height x 2.0 inches width. Module Kit is used to close all openings prior to shipping and installation. Total Line Item Qty: 9.0000 EA Applicable to: NoneDestn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery: 30SEP2008, 9.00 EA  The anticipated award date will be:31JAN2008 Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.  Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.  However, all  proposals received within forty five-days (thirty days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government.  A Determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. See Note(s) 22 and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8104-08-Q-0058/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Stephen.Yates@Tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Stephen Yates
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1004
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting), 3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-3015, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>28 -- F-100 Engine Liner Assembly Augmentor
<SOLNBR>FA8104-08-R-0043
<CONTACT>Antonino Lenora, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-734-8762, Fax 405-734-8776, Email antonino.lenora@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Liner, Augmentor COM, SOL FA8104-08-R-0043. OC-ALC/PKXDA TINKER AFB OK 73145-3015.  For additional information, contact Nino Lenora @ 448th CBSG/PKA (405) 734-8762.  Item 0001 NSN 2840-01-443-4069 NZ P/N: 4083170 Applicable to F-100/200/220E Engine. Size/Dimensions: 58.0 inches long by 41.0 inches in diameter.  Function:  Item encloses the combustion area and protects the augmentor duct from high gas temperatures.  Predominant material of manufacture:  Cobalt Based Alloy.  The approximate solicitation issue date will be 4 Sep 2007.   First Article Testing Required. The anticipated award date will be 20 Oct 2007.  Required quantity: 15 ea. Delivery: 31 July 08. Qualification requirements:  Sources must be qualified prior to being considered for award.  TO:  Dynamic Gunver Tech., and United Technologies Corp. Qualification information can be obtained from OC-ALC/SB, ATTN:  Source Development Office, 3001 Staff Dr Ste 1AG 85A, Tinker AFB OK  73145-3009 (405) 739-7243 or (405) 739-7244 for further information concerning the source approval process.  First Article Testing is required.  Written procedure will be used for this solicitation.  Responsible sources solicited may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered. Authority:  10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1), Justification:  supplies (or Services) required are available from only or a limited number of responsible sources(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.  Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets qualifications requirements at the time of award in accordance with FAR Clause 52.209-1.  The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualifications requirements as cited in each individual solicitation.  It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contact with the firm(s) listed.  Note:  while price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation.  Note:   An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition.  The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel.  When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern.  The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process.  Interested parties are invited to call Ombudsman at (405) 736-3273.  DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.  Note:  Faxed solicitation requests can be submitted to the 448th CBSG/PKA, Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015.  FAX NUMBER (405) 734-8776.   See Note(s) 23, and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8104-08-R-0043/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR STE 2AG1 109B; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>28--ROTOR,COMPRESSOR,AI
<SOLNBR>FA8104-08-R-0133
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>04172008
<CONTACT>Beth  Tyrrell, Phone 405-734-8102, Fax 405-734-8106, Email beth.tyrrell@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20300870754 Item: 0001  NEW MANUFACTURED MATERIAL NSN: 2840013513400PNPN ROTOR,COMPRESSOR,AI P/N: 1589M66G02,  Description: High compressor stage 1-2 spool is a clyindrical assembly that has a central bore.  The 1st stage has 38 blade slots, the second stage has 53 blade slots.  The function of the High Pressure Compressor Stage 1-2 spool is that it retains the one and two blades in axial slots.  It has a central bore to allow passage of the rotor compressor hub.  The dimensions are approximately 6.287 in long and 17.21 in diameter.  Mateial is titanium alloy (Ti-17B) Total Line Item Qty: MIN: 5.00, BEQ: 18.00, MAX: 27.00 Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 31JAN2008, MIN: 5.00, BEQ: 18.00, MAX: 27.00 Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 31JAN2008, MIN: 5.00, BEQ: 18.00, MAX: 27.00 PR Number(s): FD20300870754 Item: 0002  NEW/UNUSED GOVERNMENT OR COMMERCIAL SURPLUS NSN: 2840013513400PNPN ROTOR,COMPRESSOR,AI P/N: 1589M66G02,  Description: High compressor stage 1-2 spool is a clyindrical assembly that has a central bore.  The 1st stage has 38 blade slots, the second stage has 53 blade slots.  The function of the High Pressure Compressor Stage 1-2 spool is that it retains the one and two blades in axial slots.  It has a central bore to allow passage of the rotor compressor hub.  The dimensions are approximately 6.287 in long and 17.21 in diameter.  Mateial is titanium alloy (Ti-17B) Total Line Item Qty: MIN: 5.00, BEQ: 18.00, MAX: 27.00 Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 31JAN2008, MIN: 5.00, BEQ: 18.00, MAX: 27.00 Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 31JAN2008, MIN: 5.00, BEQ: 18.00, MAX: 27.00 Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.  Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.  However, all  proposals received within forty five-days (thirty days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government.  A Determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contact with the firm(s) listed. See Note(s) 22.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8104-08-R-0133/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>beth.tyrrell@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Beth Tyrrell
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR STE 2AG1 109B; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>28--SEAL AIR,AIRCRAFT G
<SOLNBR>FA8104-08-R-0142
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>04172008
<CONTACT>Stacey  Jackson, Phone 405-734-1521, Fax 405-734-1630, Email Stacey.Jackson@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Item: 0001 NSN: 2840009663010RVRV SEAL AIR,AIRCRAFT G P/N: 480315,  Description: Air Seal, Compressor Rotor Third Stage.  1.475 in thick by 16.990 OD X 15/359 ID with 2 ea knife edge seals AMS 4928 ALLOY Total Line Item Qty: 0.0000    PR Number(s): FD20300870532 Item: 0001AA Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000 EA Destn: FY2303,TINKER AFB,OK.,73145-9156.  Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00 EA  PR Number(s): FD20300870532 Item: 0001AB Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 2.0000 EA Destn: FY2303,TINKER AFB,OK.,73145-9156.  Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 2.00 EA  PR Number(s): FD20300870532 Item: 0001AC Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 0.0000 EA Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery - ARO Days: 180, 1.00 EA  Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery - ARO Days: 180, 7.00 EA  Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery - ARO Days: 180, 25.00 EA  PR Number(s): FD20300870532 Item: 0001AD NSN: 2840009663010 SEAL AIR,AIRCRAFT G P/N: 480315,  Description: SEAL-AIR, COMPRESSOR ROTOR THIRD STAGE. 1.475 IN. THICK BY 16.990 OD X 15.359 ID WITH 2 EA KNIFE ED GE SEALS .260 INCHES ON OD. AMS 4928 T. ALLOY. Total Line Item Qty: 0.0000    Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 30JUN2008, 1.00     Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 30JUN2008, 7.00     Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 30JUN2008, 25.00     Plus 0001 additional items Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets qualification requirements at the time of award in accordance with FAR clause 52.209-1.  The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualification requirements as cited in each individual solicitation. See Note(s) 1 and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8104-08-R-0142/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Stacey.Jackson@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Stacey Jackson
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR STE 2AG1 109B; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>29--HOUSING ASSY,OIL FI
<SOLNBR>FA8104-08-R-0143
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>04172008
<CONTACT>Stacey  Jackson, Phone 405-734-1521, Fax 405-734-1630, Email Stacey.Jackson@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20300870780, FD20300870843 Item: 0001 NSN: 2945007578264RVRV HOUSING ASSY,OIL FI P/N: 489114,  Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 0.0000    PR Number(s): FD20300870780 Item: 0001AA NSN: 2945007578264RVRV HOUSING ASSY,OIL FI P/N: 489114,  Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Destn: FY2303,TINKER AFB,OK.,73145-9156.  Delivery - ARO Days: 180, 1.00     PR Number(s): FD20300870780 Item: 0001AB NSN: 2945007578264RVRV HOUSING ASSY,OIL FI P/N: 489114,  Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 2.0000    Destn: FY2303,TINKER AFB,OK.,73145-9156.  Delivery - ARO Days: 180, 2.00     PR Number(s): FD20300870780 Item: 0001AC NSN: 2945007578264RVRV HOUSING ASSY,OIL FI P/N: 489114,  Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 2.0000    Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 30JAN2009, 2.00     PR Number(s): FD20300870843 Item: 0001AD NSN: 2945007578264RVRV HOUSING ASSY,OIL FI P/N: 489114,  Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 30JAN2009, 1.00     Plus 0005 additional items Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets qualification requirements at the time of award in accordance with FAR clause 52.209-1.  The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualification requirements as cited in each individual solicitation. See Note(s) 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8104-08-R-0143/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Stacey.Jackson@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Stacey Jackson
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Hill AFB OO-ALC, OO-ALC/PKXD 6038 Aspen Ave (Bldg 1289), Hill AFB, UT, 84056, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>J -- Hoist and Crane Maintenance and Repair
<SOLNBR>FA820108R0008
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Brian Farrell, contracting specialist, Phone 801-775-2378, Email brian.farrell@hill.af.mil - Krista Argabright, Contract Negotiator, Phone 801-775-2380, Fax 801-777-4899, Email krista.argabright@hill.af.mil
<DESC>This is a solicitation for the acquisition of commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this announcement.           This announcement constitutes the only presolicitation notice for this requirement; and is issued for notification purposes only.           Any interested party should contact the below named for more information regarding this posting, all correspondence shall be received no later than 22 Nov 07.
           
The Operational Contracting Office (75CONS/PKB), Hill AFB Utah, intends to award a contract for the inspection and repair of cranes and hoists located on Hill AFB, Little Mountain and the Utah Test and Training Range. The requirement is for a Basic contract with 4 option years. This contract will not include the purchase of new equipment.

Classification Data:
NAICS Code:           811310
SBA Applicability & Size Standard:           $6.5M           

Interested Parties Submission Information:
All prospective parties interested in more information regarding this synopsis shall request such information by email, please include: name, address, telephone number and point of contact, fax number, email address and commercial and Government (CAGE) code.           All responses that are to be considered are due by 4:00 p.m, Hill AFB Mountain Standard Time on the date stated above. 

Contracting Administrator
SSgt Brian M Farrell
Email Address: Brian.farrell@hill.af.mil
Phone: 801-775-2378
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/FA820108R0008/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>84056
<POPADDRESS>Hill AFB, UT 84056
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>53
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 84 CSUG/PK;6050 GUM LANE  BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056
<SUBJECT>53--SPACER,SLEEVE
<SOLNBR>FA8203-08-Q-70150
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<CONTACT>Kathy  Telford, Phone 801-777-6466, Fax 801-777-5805, Email kathy.telford@hill.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20200870150 Item: 0001 NSN: 5365013075322LELE SPACER,SLEEVE P/N: DAA3221D408-001,  Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 0.0000    Applicable to: B-2 EHF PR Number(s): FD20200870150 Item: 0001AA Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000 LO PR Number(s): FD20200870150 Item: 0001AB Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000 EA Destn: FB2029,HILL AIR FORCE BASE,UT.,84056-5713.  Delivery - ARO Days: 090, 1.00 EA  PR Number(s): FD20200870150 Item: 0001AC Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000 EA Destn: SW3215,BARSTOW,CA.,92311-5014.  Delivery: 31DEC2008, 1.00 EA  Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  See Note(s) 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/FA8203-08-Q-70150/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>kathy.telford@hill.af.mil
<DESC>Kathy Telford
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334512
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 984 CBSG/PKL;6050 GUM LANE  BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056
<SUBJECT>66--INDICATOR,PRESSURE
<SOLNBR>FA8203-08-Q-70172
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<CONTACT>Norma E Salvitti, Phone 801-586-6275, Fax 801-777-4927, Email norma.salvitti@hill.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20200870172 Item: 0001 NSN: 6685000999025LELE INDICATOR,PRESSURE P/N: 68D320023-1003,  Description: INDICATOR,PRESSURE|10.000 INCHES NOMINAL|15.000 INCHES NOMINAL|7.000 INCHES NOMINAL|TEST SET,ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS,SPECIALLY DESIGNED,ACFT Supp. Description: F-15 Total Line Item Qty: 0.0000 LO Applicable to: None PR Number(s): FD20200870172 Item: 0001AA Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    PR Number(s): FD20200870172 Item: 0001AB Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000 EA Destn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery - ARO Days: 090, 1.00 EA  PR Number(s): FD20200870172 Item: 0001AC Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 2.0000 EA Destn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 2.00 EA  PR Number(s): FD20200870172 Item: 0001AD Description:  Total Line Item Qty: 3.0000 EA Destn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery: 31OCT2008, 3.00 EA  Plus 0000 additional items The anticipated award date will be:31DEC2007 Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/FA8203-08-Q-70172/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>norma.salvitti@hill.af.mil
<DESC>Norma Salvitti
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 84 CSUG/PK;6050 GUM LANE  BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056
<SUBJECT>16--COLLAR, TORQUE, LANDING GEAR
<SOLNBR>FA8203-08-R-70036
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>06042008
<CONTACT>Vicki Preston, Phone 801-777-4127, Fax 801-777-5805, Email vicki.preston@hill.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20200870036 Item: 0001 NSN: 1620015291914LELE COLLAR, TORQUE, LANDING GEAR P/N: 352604-13,  Description: COLLAR, TORQUE, LANDING GEAR|C-130 AIRCRAFT|12.749 IN O/A DIA; 10.250 IN INSIDE DIA; 3.150 IN HIGH Total Line Item Qty: 27.0000    Applicable to: C-130H Destn: SW3215, BARSTOW, CA, 92311-5014.  Delivery: 15JUN2008, 27.00     Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  To: MACHINE SPECIALTIES, INC, GREENSBORO, NC, 27409-9106.  To: HEROUX-DEVTEK INC, LONGUEUIL, QC.  To: CANADIAN COMMERCIAL CORPORATION, OTTAWA, ON.  To: LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION, MARIETTA, GA, 30063-0001.  Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(C)(1), Justification: Supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The requirements of FAR 9.202(A) have been completed and copies of the qualification requirements and standards may be obtained as described in this solicitation. Sources must be qualified prior to being considered for award.  The solicitation will contain instructions of obtaining further information on this requirement. The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.  Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.  However, all proposals received within forty-five days (thirty days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering  agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A Determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets qualification requirements at the time of award in accordance with FAR clause 52.209-1.  The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualification requirements is cited in each individual solicitation. It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contact with the firm(s) listed. See Note(s) 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/FA8203-08-R-70036/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>vicki.preston@hill.af.mil
<DESC>Vicki Preston
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 984 CBSG/PKL;6050 GUM LANE  BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056
<SUBJECT>16--CYLINDER AND PISTON
<SOLNBR>FA8203-08-R-70253
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>06042008
<CONTACT>Vicki Preston, Phone 801-777-4127, Fax 801-777-5805, Email vicki.preston@hill.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20200870253 Item: 0001 NSN: 1620002640750LE CYLINDER AND PISTON P/N: 7227216-10,  Description: CYLINDER AND PISTON ASSEMBLY, LAN|T-38 AIRCRAFT|U/A: MAIN LANDING GEAR CYLINDER; ALUM ALLOY 7049-T73; 30.330IN O/A LG, 23.000IN BOREDEPTH; 3.125 BORE DIA; T.O. 4S1-75-4 Total Line Item Qty: 157.0000    Destn: FB2029, HILL AIR FORCE BASE, UT, 84056-5713.  Delivery: 31DEC2008, 157.00     Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  To: NORTHROP GRUMMAN SYSTEMS CORPORATIO, EL SEGUNDO, CA, 90245-2804.  To: OGDEN AIR LOGISTICS CENTER, HILL AIR FORCE BAE, UT, 84056.  Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(C)(1), Justification: Supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.  Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.  However, all proposals received within forty-five days (thirty days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering  agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A Determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Specifications, plans, or drawings relating to the procurement described are incomplete or not available and cannot be furnished by the Government. See Note(s) 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/FA8203-08-R-70253/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>vicki.preston@hill.af.mil
<DESC>Vicki Preston
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 518 CBSS PKMS;6050 GUM LANE BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056
<SUBJECT>16--PISTON,LINEAR ACTUATING CYLINDER
<SOLNBR>FA8218-08-Q-73102
<RESPDATE>122607
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<CONTACT>Tyler  Ouellette, Phone 801-586-2078, Fax 801-777-0389, Email tyler.ouellette@hill.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/FA8218-08-Q-73102/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>tyler.ouellette@hill.af.mil
<DESC>Tyler Ouellette
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0927
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>36
<NAICS>333512
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Hill AFB OO-ALC, OO-ALC/PKXD 6038 Aspen Ave (Bldg 1289), Hill AFB, UT, 84056, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>36 -- Model 5414 Five-axis Milling Head Attachment
<SOLNBR>FA8224-07-T-0054
<RESPDATE>103107
<CONTACT>Jeremy  Bodin, Contract Specialist, Phone 801-777-4809, Fax 801-777-4569, Email jeremy.bodin@hill.af.mil
<DESC>The purpose of this solicitation is for the procurement of a five-axis milling head for installation on the Fadal VMC 6030 CNC milling machine. Attached at the end of the solicitation are the specifications for this milling head.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/FA8224-07-T-0054/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>84056-6905
<POPADDRESS>7169 6th St. Bld 510
Hill AFB, UT
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>WR-ALC
<ZIP>31098-1611
<CLASSCOD>49
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>642 CBSSS GBZO PKAA; 460 Richard Ray Blvd, Suite 200,; ROBINS AFB; GA; 31098
<SUBJECT>49--
<SOLNBR>FA8518-08-Q-21108
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<CONTACT>Kimberly G Langford, Phone 478-222-1913, Fax 478-222-1854, Email Kimberly.Langford@robins.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD2060-08-21108 Item: 0001 NSN: 4920011965973RNRN  P/N: 3C3408G03,  Description: SDN: F3QCDA7311B012 Total Line Item Qty: 2.0000 EA Applicable to: NoneDestn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 2.00 EA  PR Number(s): TBD Item: 1001 NSN: 4920011965973RNRN  P/N: 3C3408G03,  Description: SDN:TBD Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000 EA Applicable to: NoneDestn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00 EA  PR Number(s): TBD Item: 2001 NSN: 4920011965973RNRN  P/N: 3C3408G03,  Description: SDN:TBD Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000 EA Applicable to: NoneDestn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00 EA  PR Number(s): TBD Item: 3001 NSN: 4920011965973RNRN  P/N: 3C3408G03,  Description: SDN:TBD Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000 EA Applicable to: NoneDestn: FMS COUNTRIES.  Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00 EA  Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  Data and Drawings are avaliable
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/WRALC/FA8518-08-Q-21108/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Kimberly.Langford@robins.af.mil
<DESC>Kimberly Langford
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>WR-ALC
<ZIP>31098-1611
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334513
<OFFADD>642 CBSSS GBZO PKAA; 460 Richard Ray Blvd, Suite 200,; ROBINS AFB; GA; 31098
<SUBJECT>66--Thermometer, Self In
<SOLNBR>FA8518-08-Q-21418
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<CONTACT>Rachel A May, Phone 478-222-1920, Fax 478-222-1854, Email Rachel.May@robins.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD2060-08-21418 Item: 0001 NSN: 6685012931250RNRN Thermometer, Self In P/N: TM612,  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00     PR Number(s): TBD Item: 1001 NSN: 6685012931250RNRN THERMOMETR, SELF IN P/N: TM612,  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00     PR Number(s): TBD Item: 2001 NSN: 6685012931250RNRN THERMOMETR, SELF IN P/N: TM612,  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00     PR Number(s): TBD Item: 3001 NSN: 6685012931250RNRN THERMOMETR, SELF IN P/N: TM612,  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00     PR Number(s): TBD Item: 4001 NSN: 6685012931250RNRN THERMOMETR, SELF IN P/N: TM612,  Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00     Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  Line item 1001 is Option I, qty 1-4 ea valid 365 days. Line item 2001 is Option II, qty 1-4 ea valid 730 days. Line item 3001 is Option III, qty 1-4 ea valid 1095 days. Line item 4001 is Option IV, qty 1-3 ea valid 1460 days. Data/Drawings are not available.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/WRALC/FA8518-08-Q-21418/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Rachel.May@robins.af.mil
<DESC>Rachel May
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>WR-ALC
<ZIP>31098-1611
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336312
<OFFADD>642 CBSSS GBZO PKAA; 460 Richard Ray Blvd, Suite 200,; ROBINS AFB; GA; 31098
<SUBJECT>29--PUMP, FUEL, METERING
<SOLNBR>FA8518-08-Q-22055
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>12312007
<CONTACT>Pamela  Bowen, Phone 478-222-1948, Fax 478-222-1854, Email Pamela.M.Bowen@robins.af.mil
<DESC>Item: 0001 NSN: 2910011201811 PUMP, FUEL, METERING P/N: JDB331MD2406,  PR Number(s): N0010408MP22055 Item: 0001AA Description: Same as 0001 Total Line Item Qty: 5.0000    Applicable to: None Destn: SW3117,NORFOLK,VA.,23511-3318.  Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 5.00     PR Number(s): N0010408MP22055 Item: 0001AB Description: Same as 0001 Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Applicable to: None Destn: SW3218,SAN DIEGO,CA.,92136-5491.  Delivery - ARO Days: 120, 1.00     Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/WRALC/FA8518-08-Q-22055/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Pamela.M.Bowen@robins.af.mil
<DESC>Pamela Bowen
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>ASC - Aeronautical Systems Center
<ZIP>45433-7218
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>334290
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, ASC - Aeronautical Systems Center, 2275 D Street, Wright-Patterson AFB, OH, 45433-7218, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- PPSL Conversion
<SOLNBR>FA8620-05-G-3027-0017
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01022008
<CONTACT>John  Riley, Senior Contact Specialist, Phone 937-904-4489, Fax 937-904-7099, Email john.riley@wpafb.af.mil - Jason Cadek, Contract Negotiator, Phone 937-904-6983, Email jason.cadek@wpafb.af.mil
<DESC>FA8620-05-G-3027 0017 PPSL Conversion and Fixed SATCOM Station Upgrades:  This is a pre-solicitation synopsis.  The Aeronautical Systems Center (ASC), Predator Aeronautical Systems Group (658 AESG) intends to award a contract on a sole source basis to L3 Communications to develop a common configuration baseline for the Predator Primary SATCOM Link (PPSL) and acquire and install hardware to the common configuration.  This effort includes studies and installation of Predator unique hardware.

L3 Communications is the sole source designer, developer and manufacturer of the PPSL and is the only firm that possesses the necessary knowledge, experience and technical data required to perform these efforts.  The government does not own the data rights for the system: therefore, to avoid duplication costs, the government intends to award the effort pursuant to the authority of 10 U.S.C. 2304 (c) (1) as implemented by FAR 6.302-1.

For subcontracting opportunities, interested parties may submit appropriate information to Ms. Donna Miller, Phone 801.594.7980 and email: donna.v.miller@L-3com.com.  The National American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement action is 334290.  Please indicate number of employees relative to the size standard of 750 employees for determination of small business status.  Responders shall include their assigned DUNS number and their Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code.  The Point of Contact for this action is 658 AESG/PK, 2640 Loop Road, West, Room 213, Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433-7106, Attn: Ms. Darbi Dillon, Phone 937.904.6975, and email: darbi.dillon@wpafb.af.mil.  Technical questions should be referred to Mr. John Choby 937.904.6976, email: john.choby@wpafb.af.mil.  The Contracting Officer is Ms. Darbi Dillon, Phone 937.904.6975, email: darbi.dillon@wpafb.af.mil.  In accordance with AFMC Clause 5352.201-9101, the ASC Ombudsman for this effort is Mr. Craig Cassino, ASC/AE, 1790 10th Street, B572, R101,   Wright-Patterson AFB, OH 45433, Phone: 937.255.5995, FAX 937.656.7540, email craig.cassino@wpafb.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/ASC/FA8620-05-G-3027-0017/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>84116-2925
<POPADDRESS>L3 Communications Corporation
Communication Systems West
640 N 2200 W
Salt Lake City Utah
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL - Directed Energy Directorate
<ZIP>87117
<CLASSCOD>67
<NAICS>333315
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFRL - Directed Energy Directorate, 2251 Maxwell Ave, Kirtland AFB, NM, 87117, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>67 -- Airborne ISR Turret
<SOLNBR>FA9451-08-R-0001
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Barbara Steinbock, Contracting Officer, Phone 505 846 2246, Fax 505 846 1546, Email Barbara.Steinbock@kirtland.af.mil - Barbara Steinbock, Contracting Officer, Phone 505 846 2246, Fax 505 846 1546, Email Barbara.Steinbock@kirtland.af.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  The announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will NOT be issued.  Solicitation Number FA0451-08-R-0001 is being issued as a request for proposal (RFP) and this solicitation document incorporates provisions and clauses that are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) #2005-20, dated 06 September 2007.  The NAICS Code for this solicitation/synopsis is 333315, the Small Business Size Standard is 500 employees.  No national stock number has been assigned.  The Air Force Research Laboratory, Directed Energy Directorate (ARFL/RDKB), Kirtland AFB, New Mexico is seeking proposals for an Airborne ISR Turret (AIT) System and intends to award on the basis of the following Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) structure:
CLIN 0001 - The contractor shall furnish the necessary qualified personnel, materials, facilities, supplies, travel and services to provide and deliver one (1) 20 inch- class diameter Airborne ISR Turret, in accordance with the list of technical requirements entitled Airborne ISR Turret (AIT) Systems, dated 31 October 2007, hereby incorporated as Attachment #1, and submit data in accordance with Exhibit A, Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423), A-Series A001 through A003 dated 08 Nov 2007.  System delivery for CLIN 0001 should occur no later than 30 Jan 2008.  Contractor must submit a test plan to the AFRL/RDSE prior to testing.  Delivery address for documentation is:  AFRL/DRLE, Marked for:  FA9451-08-R-0001, 2550 Aberdeen Ave SE, Bldg 422, Attn: John Gonglewski, Kirtland AFB, NM 87117-6008.  Delivery address for the equipment is: DODAAC: W90AVW, US Army PMO ARL, 19844 Blue Ridge Mountain Rd, Bluemont, VA 20125, Attn: Property Manager: John Proctor. 
CLIN 0002 - The contractor shall furnish the necessary qualified personnel, materials, facilities, supplies, travel and services to provide and deliver two (2) airborne ISR imaging turrets of 15 inch - class diameter Airborne ISR Turret, in accordance with the list of technical requirements entitled Airborne ISR Turret (AIT) Systems, dated 31 October 2007, hereby incorporated as Attachment #1, and submit data in accordance with Exhibit A, Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423), A-Series A001 through A003 dated 08 Nov 2007.  System delivery for CLIN 0002 should occur no later than 6 months after contract award.  The first turret shall be delivered no later than six months from the resultant contract award date and the second shall be delivered 30 days there after.  Contractor must submit a test plan to the AFRL/RDSE prior to testing.  Delivery address for documentation is:  AFRL/DRLE, Marked for:  FA9451-08-R-0001, 2550 Aberdeen Ave SE, Bldg 422, Attn: John Gonglewski, Kirtland AFB, NM 87117-6008.  Delivery address for the equipment is: DODAAC: W90AVW, US Army PMO ARL, 19844 Blue Ridge Mountain Rd, Bluemont, VA 20125, Attn: Property Manager: John Proctor.
CLIN 0003 Contract shall submit data in accordance with Contract Data Requirements listed (DD Form 1423) A-series A001-A003 which are outlined as follows:  A001-Status Report is required on a bi-monthly basis until contract completion which is projected to be a total of seven months from contract award; A002-Final Operating Manual; A003 Final Test and Inspection Report.  The costs associated with this line item should be included in CLINS 0001 and CLIN 0002 as applicable.
Proposed contract type is Firm Fixed Price (FFP).  Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) rating is DO-A5.  Required date of delivery is no later than 30 Jan 2008 for the one (1) 20 inch - class diameter Airborne ISR Turret and 6 months after contract award and one per month thereafter for the two (2) airborne ISR imaging turrets of 15 inch - class diameter Airborne ISR Turret. 
The provisions and clauses apply to this procurement:  FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial, FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation ? Commercial Items applies with the following factors to be used to evaluate offers:  Technical capability of the item offered to meet the Government requirement; price; and past performance.  Technical and past performance, when combined, are less important than cost or price.  To assist in past performance evaluations, vendor(s) shall forward a current point of contact (e.g. organization, name, telephone number, e-mail address) that can validate past performance and information providing sale/acceptance of product (within the past three (3) years) that is same or similar to product outlined in the Government Technical Requirements (Attachment #1), FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certification-Commercial Items (All offerors shall include a completed copy of this provision at with their proposal).  Vendors may complete on-line representations and certifications at http://orca.bpn.gov/.  FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items applies and subordinate clauses (b)(1), (b)(7), (b)(15) thru (20), (b) (22), (b)(23), (b)(25), (b)(27), (b)(33), and (b)(34), FAR 52.204-4, FAR 52.252-2, DFAR 252.212-7000 Offeror Representations and Certifications--Commercial Items, DFAR 252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items and subordinate clauses (a) and (b)(4), (b)(19); Addendum to DFAR 252.212-7001, and 252.225-7002.  Clauses and provisions may be accessed in full text at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/.  Foreign-owned firms are advised to contact the Contracting Officer before submitting a proposal to determine whether there are restrictions on receiving award.  No numbered notes apply.  Offers are due 19 Dec 2007, 2:00pm Mountain Standard Time, at AFRL/RDKB, 2251 Maxwell Avenue Kirtland AFB, NM  87117.
All payments are to be paid via the Internet through the Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF) system.  WAWF may be accessed at https://wawf.eb.mil.  WAWF training may be accessed online at http://www.wawftraining.com.  Payment information may be accessed using the DFAS website at https:www.dfas.mil.  Your contract number or invoice will be required to inquire status of your payment.  
Contractual or Business Point of Contact ? Liza Herrera, Contract Specialist/Contracting Officer, Phone (505) 846-6644, Fax (505) 846-1546, Email: liza.herrera@kirtland.af.mil 
	
	ATTACHMENT 1
	TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
	Airborne ISR Turret (AIT) Systems
	October 31, 2007
Vendor shall provide 3 Airborne ISR Turret systems featuring the following items:
0001.  Qty 1 Twenty-inch (20?) class airborne ISR turret system consisting of:
? Light aircraft-capable airborne ball turret system with sensors for standard ISR
? 3rd Gen Large Format IR with 640 x 512 resolution with 4 step zoom for improved stand off range (LGIR) and Local Area Processing
? 3CCD Color Daylight Camera with 20 X continuous Zoom Lens (3CTV)
? Dual Channel Night Spotter 3CCD Color Daylight Camera and Charge Multiplying Mono Night Camera
(DCNS)
? Eye Safe Laser Rangefinder ? improving target location accuracy up to 20km away (LRF)
? Laser Illuminator (LI) ? narrow angle divergence for target spotting for ground personnel
? Geolocation and tracking - control suite locking sensors on a moving or static target
0002.  Qty 2 Fifteen-inch (15?) class airborne ISR turret system consisting of:
? Light aircraft-capable airborne ball turret systems (2) with sensors for standard ISR
? 3rd Gen Large Format IR with 640 x 512 resolution with 4 step zoom for improved stand off range (LGIR) and Local Area Processing
? 3CCD Color Daylight Camera with Zoom Lens
? 1CCD Color Daylight Camera with Spotter Lens extreme magnification (SCS)
 Laser Designator which provides exceptional range through small high quality beam.
? Laser Illuminator (LI) ? narrow angle divergence for target spotting for ground personnel
? Auto Video Tracker ? working with all sensors, automatic tracking of scenes and targets (AT-MX)
? Geolocation and tracking - control suite locking sensors on a moving or static target
	
3.  DELIVERY SCHEDULE
Systems delivery is no later than 30 Jan 2008 for the one (1) 20 inch - class diameter Airborne ISR Turret.   Systems delivery for the two (2) Airborne ISR imaging turrets of 15?- class diameter is an initial one (1) 6 months after contract award and the second 15 inch turret 30 days thereafter.  System installation, testing and delivery should occur no later than July 30, 2008.
	
4.  REPORTING
Technical status and progress report describing the effort to date, delivered to AFRL once every two months. (CDRL)
	
5.  WARRANTY
A minimum of 12 month/1,000 hour factory warranty for all items.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRLPLDED/FA9451-08-R-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20125
<POPADDRESS>DODAAC: W90AVW, US Army PMO ARL, 19844 Blue Ridge Mountain Rd, Bluemont, VA 20125 
Attn: Property Manager: John Proctor
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Office of Customer Solutions, SSA Client Delivery Team, Room 3626 (5PC)
<ZIP>60604
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531120
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), Office of Customer Solutions, SSA Client Delivery Team, Room 3626 (5PC), 230 S. Dearborne Street, Room 3622, Chicago, IL, 60604, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- Govenment seeks office space in NE Cleveland / Euclid, Ohio
<SOLNBR>GS-05B-18013
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>01152008
<CONTACT>Jerry Kosman, Realty Specialist, Phone 312-353-8754, Fax 312-886-3330, Email gerald.kosman@gsa.gov - Allan Broholm, Realty Specialist, Phone 312-353-7407, Fax 312-886-3330, Email allan.broholm@gsa.gov
<DESC>UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
SEEKS SOURCES FOR LEASED OFFICE AND RELATED SPACE
NE CLEVELAND/EUCLID, OH AREA


The United States Government is seeking to lease office and related space consisting of approximately 10,400 square feet of rentable space in the Cleveland / Euclid area.  The space requirement can be satisfied with first floor contiguous space in an existing building or through new construction (build-to-lease).  Rentable space must yield a minimum of 9,046, to a maximum of 9,950 BOMA usable square feet, available for use by the Government for personnel, furnishings and equipment.  On-site parking is desired for 41 vehicles.  The proposed lease is for 13 years, 10 years firm.  Space must be ready for occupancy no later than the fall of 2009.

Offered properties must be within the following boundaries:

East:	 Nottingham Rd from the rail road tracks to 185th St.  185th   St. from Nottingham Rd. to    Lakeshore Blvd.
North:   Lakeshore Blvd between 185th St to 152nd St.
West:    152nd St from Lakeshore Blvd to Ivanhoe Rd.  Ivanhoe Rd to Euclid Ave
South:   Euclid Ave from Ivanhoe Rd to Catalpa Rd.  Catalpa Rd from Euclid Ave to the railroad  
              tracks along Roseland Ave.  Rail tracks to Nottingham Rd.
 
After an on-site survey by a Government representative, the area of consideration may be revised depending on a review of the overall mission of the Government agency to be housed in the space.

The offered space must be fully serviced and altered to meet Government requirements for Fire Safety and Handicapped Accessibility Standards.

 Proposals from brokers or agents should be accompanied by evidence of their authorization to represent the ownership.  Expressions of interest should include building name and address, or if new construction, the site location.

If you can meet these requirements, please submit pertinent information by Dec 31, 2007 making reference to Solicitation for Offers No. GS-05B-18013 to:

				Jerry Kosman
				General Services Administration
				230 South Dearborn Suite 3300
				Chicago, IL 60604
				312-353-8754
				gerald.kosman@gsa.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/5PC-3626/GS-05B-18013/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>60604
<POPADDRESS>230 South Dearborn
Suite 3300
Chicago,IL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>NB Contractor - The Staubach Company
<ZIP>22102
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531120
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), NB Contractor - The Staubach Company, 8484 Westpark Drive, Suite 150, McLean, VA, 22102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT SEEKS LEASED SPACE IN AKRON, OHIO
<SOLNBR>GS-05B-18087
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>12262007
<CONTACT>Angela Foster, Contractor - GSA NB, Phone 703-448-3555, Fax 202-654-7235, Email Angela.Foster@Staubach.com
<DESC>REQUIREMENT:
The United States Government seeks to lease approximately 3,863 Rentable Square Feet (RSF) of space to yield 3,203 Useable Square Feet (USF) of contiguous first class, high-quality office space in Akron, Ohio.  Said space shall be in a secure building and meet applicable federal, state and local codes and have the potential for efficient layout.  Occupancy is estimated to be no later than October 1, 2008.  

DELINEATED AREA:
The space will be located within the following delineated area boundaries: Perkins Street, West Mill Street, Quaker Street, East Bowery Street, South Main Street, West Bartges Street, South Broadway Street, North Broadway Street.

REQUIRED:
All services, supplies, utilities and tenant alterations are to be provided as part of the rental consideration.  The Government shall have access to the space 24 hours per day, 7 days per week.  Access to one (1) structured parking space is required.  Additional parking available in close proximity to the building is desirable.  The Government prefers to be near moderately priced eat-in restaurants as well as retail shops and banks.  The offered space must meet Government requirements for security, fire safety and handicapped accessibility.  

LEASE TERM:
Term is for 10 years, 5 years firm. 

EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST: If you desire to submit a location for consideration, please forward information by 5:00 pm EST, December 11, 2007. Expressions of interest should include building name and address, location of space in the building, rentable square feet offered and rentable rate per square foot (specifying services and utilities included), ANSI/BOMA defined usable square feet, and contact information for owner or authorized agent.  Brokers or agents may represent the prospective landlord, but any properties or proposals submitted by brokers/agents must be accompanied by written evidence that they are authorized to represent the building's ownership.

To submit a location for consideration, please contact the following office:

Lori.Giesen@staubach.com or by mail to:
Lori Giesen
The Staubach Company
127 Public Square
Suite 2410
Cleveland, Ohio 44114 
Telephone (216) 937-4394, Fax (216) 861-7172
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/NBSC/GS-05B-18087/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>60604
<POPADDRESS>Chicago, IL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Office of Customer Solutions, DOL/HHS/HUD -  (5PC5)
<ZIP>60604
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531120
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), Office of Customer Solutions, DOL/HHS/HUD -  (5PC5), 230 S. Dearborn Street, Room 3300, Chicago, IL, 60604, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- US GOVERNMENT SEEKS 540 SF IN FORT WAYNE, IN
<SOLNBR>GS-05B-18105
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Jared Davis, Realty Specialist, Phone 312-353-4067, Fax 312-886-4790, Email jared.davis@gsa.gov
<DESC>Lease Term Ten (10) Years, Five (5) years firm
Place of Performance Fort Wayne, IN

DELINEATED AREA   NORTH: Wayne Street, EAST: Lafayette Street, SOUTH: West Masterson Avenue, WEST: Fairfield Avenue

REQUIREMENT:
The United States Government is seeking expressions of interest from potential sources for office space in downtown Indianapolis, IN. The Government is interested in leasing approximately 540 square feet of contiguous Class A office space in the City of Fort Wayne, Indiana for use by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA). The area of consideration/delineated area is as noted above.  The space must yield a minimum of 470 ANSI/BOMA occupiable (Formerly Useable) square feet of contiguous space, and should not exceed 500 ANSI/BOMA occupiable (Formerly Useable) square feet of contiguous space. The anticipated lease term is ten (10) years, five (5) years firm as a fully serviced lease.  In addition to the rental costs, the Government may also factor in costs of moving to a new location including, but not limited to, physical move, tenant improvements, above-standard/specialized alterations/equipment, furniture relocation, telecommunications, and other related costs.  The building must be located in a prime commercial office district with attractive, prestigious, professional surroundings and a prevalence of contemporary design and/or tasteful rehabilitation in current use. Streets and public sidewalks must be well maintained. The location should provide regularly scheduled public transportation and employee parking within convenient walking distance of the offered building sufficient to cover commuting needs of employees and visitors on official business.  Buildings offered for consideration must be of sound and substantial construction of the type generally recognized as contemporary with the ability to demonstrate meeting all current Federal/GSA/PBS, State, and local codes and regulations including but not limited to fire and life safety, accessibility, OSHA, and seismic protection.  

The Estimated Occupancy for the space is Spring of 2008.

SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS:
Expressions of interest must be submitted in writing should include the following information at minimum (This is not an invitation for bids or a request for proposals):
1) Building name/address
2) Legal property description, recent survey, and property identification numbers (PIN)
3) Location of space in the building and date it will be available
4) One-eighth inch scale drawing of space offered
5) ANSI/BOMA defined office area/useable square feet (USF)
6) Rentable Square Feet (RSF) offered and rental rate per square foot, specifying services, utilities, and tenant improvement allowance included
7) Common Area Factor used to determine the RSF
8) Name, address, telephone number, and email address of authorized contact
9) In cases where an agent is representing multiple ownership entities, written acknowledgement and permission to represent multiple owners for the same submission

AUTHORIZED CONTACTS:
GSA will be representing the Government Tenant in lease negotiations for this transaction. In no event shall a potential offeror enter into negotiations or discussions concerning a space to be leased with representatives of any Federal agency other than the authorized officers and employees of the General Services Administration (GSA).

E-mail, facsimile, or mail complete expressions of interest to:
Jared R. Davis
US General Services Administration, PBS
Realty Specialist 
230 South Dearborn Street, Room 3320
Chicago, IL 60604
Phone: 312-353-4067; Fax: 312-886-4790
E-mail: jared.davis@gsa.gov
For receipt not later than: 12/14/2007
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/5PC/GS-05B-18105/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>60604
<POPADDRESS>US General Services Administration
Customer Projects Division
230 South Dearborn Street, Room 3300
Chicago, IL 60604
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Denver Federal Center (8PMP)
<ZIP>80225
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>561720
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), Denver Federal Center (8PMP), P.O. Box 25546, Denver, CO, 80225, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- Operations & Maintenance and Custodial Services for the Clifford P. Hansen Federal Courthouse
<SOLNBR>GS-08P-08-JC-C-0005
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Lee Davis, Contract Specialist, Phone 303-236-8000 x2280, Fax 303-236-1774, Email lee.davis@gsa.gov - Cynthia Chick, Contracting Officer, Phone 303-236-8000 ext 2259, Fax 303-236-1774, Email cynthia.chick@gsa.gov
<DESC>This notice will result in the award of a firm fixed price contract.  This competitive acquisition is 100% set aside for small business.  This requirement is for operations and maintenance and custodial services for the Clifford P. Hansen Federal Courthouse, located at 145 East Simpson Avenue, Jackson, Wyoming 83001-9921, beginning March 1, 2008. The Clifford P. Hansen Federal Courthouse is approximately 3,900 square feet.  The contract term will include a base (12 month) period, plus four (4) 12-month option periods.  The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) codes for this project are 561720, with a size standard of $6.5 million, and 561790, with a size standard of $15 million.

The Solicitation will be issued on or about December 19, 2007.  Security clearances will be required for all workers.  To be eligible for award, contractor must be registered with the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) at http://www.ccr.gov.  The solicitation will be furnished to all interested parties by mail.  All requests shall be submitted on the company's official letterhead and submitted to: General Services Administration, ATTN: Lee Davis, One Denver Federal Center, P.O. Box 25546 (8PMP), Denver, Colorado  80225-0546, or requested via facsimile (303-236-1774, Attn: Lee Davis) or email at lee.davis@gsa.gov.  All responsible sources submitting an offer will be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/8PMP/GS-08P-08-JC-C-0005/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>83001-9921
<POPADDRESS>CLIFFORD P. HANSEN FEDERAL COURTHOUSE, 145 EAST SIMPSON AVENUE, JACKSON, WYOMING
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1019
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<CONTACT>Stephen Sprenger, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9408, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Stephen.Sprenger@disa.mil
<DESC>The Defense Information Technology Contracting Organization (DITCO), Telecom Functional Support Section (PL8221) intends to issue a full and open Request for Proposal (RFP) for Administration, Operation and Maintenance, Network Management, and related services to support the Defense Information System Network (DISN) Network Management Support Services ? Global / Recompete (DNMSS-G/R) Network Engineering Contract / Recompete (NEC/R). This includes providing continuing system and network planning, engineering, enhancement, acquisition, implementation, integration, management, maintenance and operations support at Task Order-specified locations for the following components of the DISN: The Defense Switched Network (DSN) (voice services, the Defense Red Switch Network (DRSN) (secure voice services), the DSN and DRSN network management systems: Advanced DSN/DRSN Integrated Management Support System (ADIMSS/ARDIMSS), the Integrated Network Management System (INMS), and other specified DISN networks and systems and their respective management systems. Work performance locations include (but are not limited to): DISA Headquarters and DISN Global Nework Operations Center, Arlington, VA, the National Capital Region (NCR), Washington, D.C., DISA/DISN Program Management Office, Falls Church, VA, DISA/DITCO and DISN Global Network Operations Support Center, Scott AFB, IL, DISA Joint Integration Test Command, Ft. Huachuca, AZ, DISA-CENTCOM, MacDill AFB, FL, Theater Network Operations Centers outside the Continental United States, DISA-EUROPE TNC, Patch Barracks at Stuttgart, GE, DISA Pacific TNC at Wheeler Army Air Field, Wahiawa, HI, DISA-CENT at Manamah, Bahrain, in Southwest Asia. Period of Performance is a two (2) year base with three (3) one year option periods. The resultant contract will be an indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (ID/IQ), firm fixed price with time and materials and cost reimbursable features. The RFP will be posted on or about 01 September 2006 to the World Wide Web at http:www.ditco.disa.mil under ?Contracting Opportunities? under ?Information Technology RFP/RFQ/RFI of the DITCO Homepage. Proposals will be due 60 days after RFP release date. All responses from responsible sources will be considered for evaluation and award of the contract. Oral communications are not acceptable. All inquiries regarding this requirement shall be submitted electronically and directed to Stephen Sprenger, Contracting Officer at Stephen.Sprenger@disa.mil  Set-aside Status: Full and Open Competition.

Previously advertised as detailed above on 17 August 2006.  Solicitation release has been delayed indefinitely.  Further information will be posted on the DITCO Contracting Opportunities Web Site as it becomes available.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>22204
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>Washington Headquarters Services
<LOCATION>Acquisition and  Procurement Office
<ZIP>20301-1155
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>423430
<OFFADD>Other Defense Agencies, Washington Headquarters Services, Acquisition and  Procurement Office, Acquisition and Procurement Office, Rosslyn Plaza North, Suite 12063 1155 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC, 20301-1155, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>70 -- Lean Six Sigma Software/Maintenance
<SOLNBR>HQ018772970003000
<RESPDATE>120608
<ARCHDATE>12212008
<CONTACT>Theresa Booker, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-696-1495, Email theresa.booker.ctr@whs.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation.  Proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This requirement is being issued under FAR 13.5 Simplified Acquisition Procedures.  The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 423430, and the small business size standard is 100 employees.  

The Washington Headquarters Services (WHS), Acquisition and Procurement Office, 1155 Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC, 20301-1155 intends to purchase the following items.  Please include shipping and maintenance as two separately priced items.  All items will be delivered (F.O.B. Destination) to:  

WHS/HRDD
Polk Building-Suite 3000
2521 South Clark Street 
ATTN:  Yvette Johnson

Within 14 days after contract award.

The contractor shall provide the following items on a firm fixed price basis:
 
Item Description            Quantity/Each    Model Number
Igraphix Lean Six Sigma     100	             Part #IGRAPIXENT
1 year Maintenance	    100	             Part # IGRPHIXMAIN

The following FAR Clauses and Provisions are incorporated by reference and apply to this acquisition.  Incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-17 and Defense Federal Regulation Supplement (DFARs), current to DCN 20070531: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Items applies.  Evaluation will be in accordance with FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation--Commercial Items.  Insert at FAR 52.212-2(a).  The Government will award a contract resulting from this synopsis to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to this solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered.  The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technically acceptable and lowest price.  FAR provision 52-212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Item (Nov 2006) with Alternate I (Apr 2002).   Note:  In order to complete the Representations and Certifications for the referenced provisions, contractors must go to the Air Force website at http://farsite.hill/af.mil/Vffar1.htm, locate the referenced provision, copy and paste it to a Word document and complete.  If contractors are registered in the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) website at https://orca.bpn.gov/ and has information posted, contractors are required to submit a signed copy of section (k) of FAR Clause 52.212-3.  FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (Feb 2007) and FAR 52.247-34, FOB Destination (Nov 1991).  FAR 52.212-5 Terms and Conditions required to implement Status of Executive Order Commercial Items (Nov 2006) apply to this acquisition.  Specific clauses cited in FAR 52.212-5 that are applicable to this acquisition are 52.222-3, Convict Labor (June 2003); 52.222-19, Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Aug 2007); 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Feb 1999);   52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Mar 2007); 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 1998); 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003); 52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (May 1999).   DFARS Clauses 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues of Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items (Jan 2007), specifically, 252.225-7036, Buy American Act, Free Trade Agreements, Balance of Payments Program (Oct 2006) with Alternate I (Oct 2006).  DFARS provision 252.232-1003 Electronic Submission Payment Requests (May 2006), DFARS provision 252.247-7023 Electronic Submission Payment Request (May 2006); DFARS provision 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea (May 2002) with Alternate III (May 2002).  DFARS 252.225-7035 Buy American Act?Free Trade Agreements?Balance of Payments Program Certificate (Oct 2006) with Alternate I (Oct 2006).  If contractors are participating in this acquisition, contractors are required to provide their name, address, telephone number, and email address to the point of contact listed below, via email or by facsimile (703) 696-4164 for notification of amendments.

Quotations are due no later than 2:00 pm, Eastern Standard Time, Thursday, December 6, 2007. Quotes shall be submitted electronically via email to: Theresa.Booker.ctr@whs.mil.  For additional information, contact Theresa Booker, Contract Specialist, at (703) 696-1495.  

Responses must be submitted via email to the Point of Contact listed below. Quoters must identify the Reference number, HQ0187-77297-000-3000, Lean Six Sigma in the Subject Line of the email. Quoters are advised to submit electronic documents early and confirm successful transmission/receipt.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/ODA/WHS/REF/HQ018772970003000/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>22209
<POPADDRESS>WHS/HRDD
Polk Building-Suite 3000
2521 South Clark Street 
ATTN:  Yvette Johnson
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center
<ZIP>21226-5000
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>811213
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center, 2401 Hawkins Point Road Building 31, Mail Stop 26, Baltimore, MD, 21226-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>58 -- Open, Inspect, Report, and Repair of Radar Equipment
<SOLNBR>HSCG40-08-Q-29043
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>12272007
<CONTACT>Erin Mallard, CTR - Purchasing Agent, Phone 410-762-6374, Fax 410-762-6640, Email Erin.L.Mallard@uscg.mil - Joseph Neil, Contracting Officer, Phone 410-762-6486, Fax 410-762-6640, Email Joseph.B.Neil@uscg.mil
<DESC>This is a combined Synopsis solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  FAR Subpart 13.5, Test Program for Certain Commercial Items will be utilized for this acquisition.   The Solicitation Number is HSCG40-08-Q-29042.   This announcement constitutes the solicitation and incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-21 and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice and FAR Part 6.302.1.  Quotations are being requested; a written solicitation package WILL NOT be issued.  All responsible and responsive sources are invited to express their interest and ABILITY to provide the below-described repairs by written request, via Fax (410)762-6640 or E-Mail to Erin Mallard, e-mail:  Erin.L.Mallard@uscg.mil no later than December 7, 2007.  The NAICS for this combined synopsis/solicitation is 811213 and the small business size standard is $6.0 mil. Repairs shall be in accordance with the attached Statement of Work. The U.S. Coast Guard ELC has a requirement for the Open/Inspect/Report and Repair of the following equipment (Please note:  The NSN's may appear as duplicates but shall be priced individually, as provided below, in accordance with the Line Items as stated):  
Group A ? Scalable Integrated Nav. System (SINS) Equipment: 
Requisition Number: 2108408B4200HB056 (for internal purposes: line item #1)
1.)  NSN 5840-01-505-8113, Radar Display Unit, Qty 22 each, Mfr:  Furuno USA, P/N RDP-139/NT.  
Requisition Number: 2108408B4200HB003 (for internal purposes: line items #2 - #7)
2.)  NSN 5840-01-505-8113, Radar Display Unit, Qty 11 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N RD139/NT.   
3.)  NSN 5840-01-505-8119, SINS Pedestal Radar, Qty 2 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N RSB0070-064.
4.)  NSN 5840-01-519-0748, Radar 24? Antenna, Qty 6 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N RBS-0071-057.
5.)  NSN 5845-01-505-8124, Depth Indicator, Qty 5 each, Mfr:  Furuno USA, P/N RD30.
6.)  NSN 6605-01-505-8142, Int Electromagnetic Compass, Qty 9 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N PG1000.
7.)  NSN 6605-01-539-7931, SINS Radar 7? Display, Qty 1 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N RDP148/NT. 
Group B ? AN-SPS-73(V) Surface Search Radar Equipment: 
Requisition Number: 2108408B4200HB054 (for internal purposes: line items #8 - #9)
8.)  NSN 6625-01-461-6323, SPS-73 Radar Test Set, Qty 21 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N PM-30.   
9.)  NSN 6625-01-475-7203, SSR-73 Radar Test Set, Qty 2 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N PM-50. 
Requisition Number: 2108408B4200HB038 (for internal purposes: line items #10 - #12)
10.)  NSN 5840-01-461-6338, Radar Receiver/Transmitter, Qty 10 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N 008-448-610.
11.)  NSN 5840-01-509-9491, 73 S-Band Radar Xmitter Assy, Qty 1 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N 008-242-050.
12.)  NSN 5985-01-461-6330, SPS-73 (V) X-Band Antenna, Qty 10 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N XN4A/ANT8. 
Requisition Number: 2108408B4200HB090 (for internal purposes: line items #13 - #15)
13.)  NSN 5840-01-461-6338, Radar Receiver/Transmitter, Qty 20 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N 008-448-610.
14.)  NSN 5985-01-461-6330, SPS-73 (V) X-Band Antenna, Qty 6 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N XN4A/ANT8.
15.)  NSN 5985-01-475-7451, X-Band Antenna, Qty 2 each, Mfr: Furuno USA, P/N XN3A/ANT6.
The Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) is Furuno USA Inc. and the U.S. Coast Guard ELC intends on obtaining pricing directly from the manufacturer or its authorized distributors only.   Quotes shall include:  1.  Cost to perform Open, Inspect, and submit detailed Report (OIR) for each item. This price will be the total price the Govt will be obligated to pay for opening, inspecting, and providing and inspection report for each asset.   2.  Contractor?s loaded hourly labor rate  (Loaded hourly rate shall include direct and indirect labor rates, G&A, overhead, and profit).  This rate represents the total amount, per hour, the Govt will  be obligated to pay for services performed.  NOTE:  The estimated time for this equipment is 2 hours for OIR and 3 hours for Repair.  The estimated number of hours are intended for evaluation purposes only and may vary based upon the condition of the pumps as received by the Contractor.  The Inspection Report shall show the total actual labor hours (and costs) that will be expended for the repair of each item.   
3.   Company Tax Information Number (TIN),   4.  DUNS Number,  5.  Proposed calendar days for submittal of Inspection Report and proposed calendar days for repair of material, after authorization to proceed,   5.   Ability to provide Packaging, Marking, and Barcoding in accordance with Statement of Work, ASTM D 3951, and MIL-STD-129P.    6.   F.O.B. Designation (Origin or Destination).   7.   Interested sources that respond to this notice must fully demonstrate their capability to accomplish the repairs and provide evidence as an authorized repair facility for Furuno USA; including evidence of component level and repair procedures, equipment mock up(s), test fixtures and satisfactorily performed repairs for this equipment for the government or the prime equipment manufacturer.   
All responsible sources may submit a quote which if timely received, shall be considered by this agency.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation and a written solicitation will not be issued.  The date for Receipt of Quotes is required by 12 December 2007.  The anticipated award date for this procurement is 20 December 2007.  The following FAR Clauses and Provisions apply to this solicitation.   Offerors may obtain full text versions of these clauses and provisions electronically at http://www.arnet.gov/far.    Offerors are instructed to include a completed copy of Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Provision 52.212-3, "Offerors Representations and Certification--Commercial Items (NOV 2007)" with their quotation, Alt 1 included.   Addendum: To facilitate award it is recommended that offerors register their representations and certifications at http://www.orca.bpn.gov .   FAR Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Items (Nov 2007).  The following addenda is added to 52.212-1.   FAR Clause 52.204-7, Central Contractor Registration (JUL 2006) is incorporated by reference.  FAR Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items (FEB 2007).   FAR Provision 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items (Jan 1999); Pricing Consideration and ability to meet specification requirements are evaluation factors (Jan 1999).  Evaluation of quotes will be made based on the combined total of the OIR cost with the total dollar value of labor hours plus hourly labor rate.    AWARD WILL BE MADE BASED ON ALL OR NONE.  FAR Clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders (Nov 2007) applies to this acquisition and the following clauses cited in the clause are applicable to this acquisition:  52.222-3, Convict Labor (JUN 2003); 52.222-19, Child Labor ? Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JUN 2004); 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (FEB 1999); 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (DEC 2001); 52.222-35, Affirmative Action for Special Disabled and Vietnam Era Veterans (DEC 2001); 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Handicapped Workers (JUN 1998);  52.222-37  Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era (DEC 2001);   52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (FEB 2006);  52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer  Central Contractor Registration (OCT 2003); 52.222-41, Service Contract Act of 1965, as Amended (May 1989); 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 1989).  The following items are incorporated as addenda to this solicitation and will be provided in full text upon request or can be electronically accessed at http://www.dhs.gov.:  Homeland Security Acquisition Regulation (HSAR) 3052.209-70, Prohibition on Contract with Corporate Expatriates (JUN 2006).   Quotations are due no later than 12 December 2007, 2:00 pm Eastern Standard Time.  It is anticipated that an award will be made by 20 December  2007.  Submit offer in accordance with FAR Povision 52.212-1.   A formal notice of changes, if applicable, will be issued in FedBizzOpps (www.fedbizzopps.gov) via amendment(s).  It is each vendor?s individual responsibility to the monitor the EPS system for changes.    See Numbered Note 22.*****
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/USCGELC/HSCG40-08-Q-29043/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commander (fcp), USCG Maintenance and Logistics Command - Atlantic
<ZIP>23510-9113
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>562111
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commander (fcp), USCG Maintenance and Logistics Command - Atlantic, 300 East Main Street Suite 965, Norfolk, VA, 23510-9113, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>S -- Refuse Collection, Disposal and Recycling Services, U. S. Coast Guard Detachment Sandy Hook, Highlands, NJ
<SOLNBR>HSCG84-08-Q-AA1217
<RESPDATE>010908
<ARCHDATE>01242008
<CONTACT>Roberta Smith, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-628-4117, Fax 757-628-4134, Email Roberta.H.Smith@uscg.mil - Jeanie Thorne, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-628-4109, Fax 757-628-4134, Email jeanie.s.thorne@uscg.mil
<DESC>The U. S. Coast Guard Maintenance and Logistics Command Atlantic (MLCLANT) is procuring services under Solicitation HSCG84-08-Q-AA1217 which will be available electronically on or about December 6, 2007 via FedBizOpps at www.fedbizopps.gov/.  This acquisition is to provide all labor, materials, equipment, transportation and supervision necessary to provide refuse collection, disposal and recycling services to be performed at Coast Guard Detachment Sandy Hook, Highlands, New Jersey.  The solicitation will be issued in accordance with FAR Part 12 and 15, Acquisition of Commercial Items.  The Government will award a contract for this request for quotation to the responsible offeror whose proposal conforms to the solicitation, which will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered.  The period of performance is one base year, beginning 1 March 2008 through 28 February 2009, with nine one-year options (1 March through 28 February).  The NAICS Code is 562111.  The size standard is $11.5 million. This requirement will be issued using Full and Open Competition procedures.  No paper copies of the solicitation will be distributed.  Amendments to the solicitation will also be provided on the Internet using the same protocol listed above.  All vendors will be responsible for obtaining the solicitation and any subsequent amendments from the above site.  If you have any questions, contact the Contract Specialist, Roberta Smith at (757) 628-4117 or e-mail address:  Roberta.H.Smith@uscg.mil.  Interested parties must be registered in the Central Contractor Registry (CCR) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232.33.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/FCPMLCA/HSCG84-08-Q-AA1217/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>09732
<POPADDRESS>USCG Detachment Sandy Hook, Highlands, NJ
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0919
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Institute of Museum and Library Services
<OFFICE>Office of the Director
<LOCATION>Office of Contract Services
<ZIP>20036
<CLASSCOD>B
<NAICS>541990
<OFFADD>Institute of Museum and Library Services, Office of the Director, Office of Contract Services, 1800 M Street, NW; 9th Floor, Washington, DC, 20036, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>B -- IMLS-RFP-07-003 (Trend Analysis-States Grants)
<SOLNBR>IMLS-RFP-07-003
<RESPDATE>110507
<CONTACT>William Johnson, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 202-653-4769, Fax 202-653-4625, Email wjohnson@imls.gov - Wallace Cruz, Contracts Specialist, Phone 202-653-4698, Fax 202-653-4625, Email wcruz@imls.gov
<DESC>This solicitation requests proposals to carry out a contract to analyze library services provided by 52 entities (each state, Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia) that receive IMLS library Grants to States, using as key sources IMLS?s Five-Year Plans, SLAA annual reports, and Five-Year Evaluation reports for these grantees in the period 2002-2007.  The offeror will have to address a number of issues presented by the time available for the analysis and the complexity of the task and present a report of findings to IMLS.     

The solicitation documents will be made available on or about October 5, 2007 with proposals anticipated to be due on or about November 5, 2007.

NOTE:  The solicitation described in this notice was previously issued under cancelled solicitation IMLS-RFP-07-002 and is being reissued under this solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/IMLS/IMLS/IMLS/IMLS-RFP-07-003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20036
<POPADDRESS>Contract performance at two locations: IMLS Headquarters at 1800 M Street, NW; Washington, DC and at contractor's place of business.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Institute of Museum and Library Services
<OFFICE>Office of the Director
<LOCATION>Office of Contract Services
<ZIP>20036
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>721110
<OFFADD>Institute of Museum and Library Services, Office of the Director, Office of Contract Services, 1800 M Street, NW; 9th Floor, Washington, DC, 20036, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>V -- Multiple Award Hotel and Meeting Space
<SOLNBR>IMLS-RFP-08-001
<RESPDATE>010708
<CONTACT>William Johnson, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 202-653-4769, Fax 202-653-4625, Email wjohnson@imls.gov - Wallace Cruz, Contracts Specialist, Phone 202-653-4698, Fax 202-653-4625, Email wcruz@imls.gov
<DESC>The Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS) has a requirement for lodging and meeting space for various IMLS meetings, conferences, etc., some involving lodging only and others for utilizing hotel meeting spaces for conferences, training sessions, etc.  This solicitation will result in a multiple award contracted and it is anticipated that up to five contracts may be awarded, which will contain a Base Period of approximately 8 months and up to four (4), one-year options for a not to exceed total of 56 months.  Each contractor will have a guaranteed minimum of $20,000.00, which will be satisfied during the Base Period by the issuance of one or more Delivery Orders.  Awarded contractors will compete for individual Delivery Orders based on qualifications and price.  The procurement will be negotiated on a best value basis in accordance with FAR 15.101, based primarily on trade-off between technical qualifications, present/past performance, and price.  The solicitation documents will be made available on or about December 18, 2007 with proposals anticipated to be due on or about January 7, 2008.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/IMLS/IMLS/IMLS/IMLS-RFP-08-001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>00000
<POPADDRESS>At contractor's place of business.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>National Institutes of Health
<LOCATION>National Institute on Aging
<ZIP>21224
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334516
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health, National Institute on Aging, 5600 Nathan Shock Drive, Baltimore, MD, 21224, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>66 -- Four Station Mouse Video Freeze System
<SOLNBR>LNS-283-2007
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<CONTACT>Phyllis Exum, Purchasing Agent, Phone 410-558-8533, Fax 410-558-8319, Email exump@mail.nih.gov - Patricia Meise, Purchasing Agent, Phone 410-558-8043, Fax 410-558-8319, Email meisep@grc.nia.nih.gov
<DESC>The Intramural Research Program (IRP), National Institute on Aging (NIA), National Institutes of Health (NIH) intends to award a sole source purchase to MED ASSOCIATES, INC, Post Office Box 319, St Albans, VT 05478.  NAICS CODE 334516 and the size standard is $500. The vendor will supply a Four Station Mouse Video Freeze System for the Laboratory of Neuroscience that is unique because it integrates an infrared camera to record mouse behavior into each test box.  This option is not available through other vendors.  MED ASSOCIATES is the manufacturer sole distributor of this equipment.  This notice may represent the only official notice. This is a Simplified Acquisition with the estimated value of less than $100,000.00 threshold. This acquisition is being procured under Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) part 6.302-1, only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy this agency?s requirement.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct any future competitive procurement.  Response to this announcement, referencing synopsis number LNS-283-2007, by December 19, 2007, may be faxed to NIA/IRP, GRC Bldg, Room 1E-08, 5600 Nathan Shock Drive, Baltimore, Maryland 21224 Attention:  Phyllis Exum, 410-558-8533, Fax 410-558-8319  or email to: exump@nia.nih.gov.   

Equipment will be shipped to the BRC (Biomedical Research Center), 
251 Bayview Blvd, Baltimore, MD 21224.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/NIH/GRC/LNS-283-2007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>21224
<POPADDRESS>Biomedical Research Center
251 Bayview Blvd
Room 02C307
Baltimore, MD 21224
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1113
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Contracting Office/Lexington
<ZIP>40511-8799
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>335929
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR, Contracting Office/Lexington, 3301 Leestown Rd., Lexington, KY, 40511-8799, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- CRD0141 - Cord
<SOLNBR>LX-0100-08
<RESPDATE>111907
<CONTACT>Kim Montgomery, Contracting Officer, Phone 859-253-9215, Fax 859-259-0149, Email kmontgom@central.unicor.gov - Kim Montgomery, Contracting Officer, Phone 859-253-9215, Fax 859-259-0149, Email kmontgom@central.unicor.gov
<DESC>THIS IS COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FORMAT IN SUBPART 12.6 AS SUPPLEMENTED WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE.  PLEASE SEE SOLICITATION FOR DETAILS.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/FPI-UNICOR/LEX/LX-0100-08/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>40511
<POPADDRESS>UNICOR
3301 LEESTOWN ROAD
LEXINGTON, KY
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany RCO
<ZIP>31704-3019
<CLASSCOD>39
<OFFADD>M67004  814 Radford Blvd    Albany, GA
<SUBJECT>39--WAREHOUSE TRAILERS
<SOLNBR>M6700408T0006
<RESPDATE>010508
<ARCHDATE>02042008
<CONTACT>Sgt Windell Cooper (229)639-8594 Sgt Windell Cooper windell.cooper@usmc.mil (229)639-8594
<DESC>This requirement is set-aside 100% for small business concerns. CLIN 0001 - One (1) each first sample Platform Trailer, 20,000 LB, Fifth-Wheel Steer. In accordance with Military Specification MIL-T-19198A(ME) and the attached specifications.  CLIN 0002 - One (1) each first sample Platform Trailer, 6,000 LB, Fifth-Wheel Steer. In accordance with Military Specification MIL-T-17479G and the attached specifications. CLIN 0003 -  Fourteen (14) each Government approved Platform Trailers, 20,000 LB, Fifth-Wheel Steer. In accordance with Military Specification MIL-T-19198A(ME) and the attached specifications. CLIN 0004 - One-Hundred-Nineteen  (119) each Government approved Platform Trailers, 6,000 LB, Fifth-Wheel Steer. In accordance with Military Specification MIL-T-17479G and the attached specifications. Contact Sgt Cooper for additional requirement specifications / supporting documents at windell.cooper@usmc.mil Delivery: F.O.B DESTINATION: Marine Corps Logistics Command -  Barstow, CA 92398
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/USMC/M67004/M6700408T0006/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center 29 Palms - RCO
<ZIP>92278
<CLASSCOD>W
<OFFADD>M67399        Twentynine Palms, CA
<SUBJECT>W--RENTAL OF (1) TENT AND VARIOUS EQUIPMENT
<SOLNBR>M6739908Q0004
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Ernesto T. Pangan 7608305125
<DESC>Combined Synopsis/Solicitation  (Tent and Equipment Rental) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. The announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation is being issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). RFQ # M67399-08-Q-0004 The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-18. This is a restricted purchase set-aside for 100% Small Business Concerns. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) is 5332299. The Standard Industrial Classification Code (SIC) for this order is 7359. The small business size standard is $6.5Mil. The Defense Priorities and Allocation System (DPAS) rating for this order is DO-C9.The Federal Supply Classification (FSC) for this order is 8340.  This solicitation is for the rental of (1) tent and various equipment. The equipment will be leased from December 28, 2007 to January 31, 2008. The end-user has requested that all equipment be delivered and picked-up at designated site aboard Marine Air Ground Task Force Training Command Twenty-nine Palms, CA. The following entails the size and the quantity of what is needed: CLIN 0001- Qty: 01, 100?x200? Bail Ring Pole Tent (White)  CLIN 0002- Qty: 01, 40?x130x8? Canopy (White) CLIN 0003- Qty: 28, 10?x20? Wall (White Solid) CLIN 0004- Qty: 17, 8?x20? Wall (White Solid) CLIN 0005- Qty: 2500, White Folding Chairs  CLIN 0006- Qty: 250, 60? Round Table CLIN 0007- Qty: 08, Tent Lighting, High Bay (400 Watt)   CLIN 0008- Qty: 05, Tent Lighting, High Bay (400 Watt)   CLIN 0009- Qty: 06, Tent Heater (80,000 BTU) CLIN 0010- Qty: 20,000sqft, 100?x200? SubFlooring (Per Square Foot) CLIN 0011- Qty: 5200sqft, 40?x130? SubFlooring (Per Square Foot) CLIN 0012- Qty: 04, Heater 175,000 BTU (LPG) CLIN 0013- Qty: 08, Fuel Propane (25 GL Tank) CLIN 0014- Qty: 01, Sales & Taxes CLIN 0015- Qty: 01, Accompany Delivery & Pick-up Charges Applicable Place of contract delivery will be Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center (MCAGCC)/Marine Corps Air Ground Task Force Training Command (MCAGTFTC) Twentynine Palms, CA. The winner of this award is required to be registered with, understand, and invoice through Wide  Area Workflow. The Following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation provisions and clauses are applicable to this acquisition. All provisions and clauses may be found at the following website: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/  FAR:	52.211-6, 52.212-1, 52-212-2, 52.212-3, 52.212-4, 52.212-5, 52.219-6, 52.222-3, 52.222-19,52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.225-1, 52.232-33. DFAR:	252.212-7000, 252.212-7001 (Dev), 252.204.7000, 252.204-7004 (Alt A), 252.232.7003 Note: 	The complete provision at the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.212-3 must accompany bid submittal.  The Government intends to award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible/responsive offeror whose proposal conforming to the solicitation will be the most advantageous to the Government, considering lowest price technically acceptable offer. The following factor shall be used to evaluate the proposals.  (1) Price? The lowest price technically possible while providing the requested items and meeting the delivery terms. Please submit quotes no later than date and Pacific Standard Time (PST) with all instruction below.  *** It is very important that all vendors and contractors follow all instruction provide below, when quotes, bids, or proposals are being submitted *** Please include Best Estimated Delivery Date very important, DUNS #, CAGE CODE #, and TIN #. It is very important that you indicate on your quote, whether you are quoting comparable item or same item being requested. Provide all pictures and specification of requested item or items when quoting. We are seeking F.O.B Destination. If you have any questions or concerns please contact 760-830-5125 or email ernesto.pangan@usmc.mil <mailto:ernesto.pangan@usmc.mil> . My fax number is 760-830-6353. FED EX or LIKE SERVICE/HAND-CARRIED/EMAIL/FAX Proposals or Quotation are due by 0900 (9:00AM) PST on December 14, 2007 at The Regional Contracting Office, Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center (MCAGCC)/Marine Corps Air Ground Task Force Training Command (MCAGTFTC), Bldg 1102, Door 22, P.O. Box 6053, Twentynine Palms, CA 92278-6053, ATTN; Ernesto T. Pangan.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/USMC/M67399/M6739908Q0004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>ernesto.pangan@usmc.mil
<DESC>ernesto.pangan@usmc.mil
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Systems Command
<ZIP>22134-5010
<CLASSCOD>10
<OFFADD>M67854        Quantico, VA
<SUBJECT>10--Mortars 60/81MM
<SOLNBR>M6785407R1166
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>12182008
<CONTACT>Crystal Caputo 703-432-4945
<DESC>The Program Manager, Infantry Weapons, Marine Corps Systems Command, Quantico, Virginia is currently seeking to award a single Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity, Firm Fixed Price, Non Developmental Item (785) 60mm and (827) 81mm mortar cannon assemblies, with four option years for additional quantities (2237) 60mm and (1707) 81mm mortar cannon assemblies, and associated spare parts block, and calibration tubes.  This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for non developmental items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  The associated NAICS code is 332710, Machine Shops. The procurement is 100% Small Business Set-Aside. The solicitation and drawings applicable to this procurement are attached.  The solicitation number for this procurement is M67854-07-R-1166 is issued as a request for proposal.  The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect!   through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-19 and 2005-20, effective 17 September 2007, respectively. All contractors must be registered in the Central Contractor Registry before an award can be made.  No telephone inquiries will be accepted. All offers are due no later than 18 December 2007 at 12:00PM, local time, Quantico, VA, by e-mail to Ms. Crystal Caputo at crystal.m.caputo@usmc.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/USMC/M67854/M6785407R1166/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07
<ZIP>07703-5008
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07, ATTN:  AMSEL-AC, Building 1208, Fort Monmouth, NJ  07703-5008
<SUBJECT>59--59--Cable assemblies
<SOLNBR>MARKET-SURVEY-4091-1
<RESPDATE>122707
<ARCHDATE>02252008
<CONTACT>Andrea Ferrell, 732-532-5585
<DESC>This is a presolicitation notice for a five year Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract plus two option years subject to the availability of funds. The IDIQ is for the following NSNs: 5995-01-051-2800, Coaxial Cable Assy, 350 each,  5995-01-181-7082, Cable Assy W203, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2034, Cable Assy W212, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2035, Cable Assy W213, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2036, Cable Assy W214, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2046, Cable Assy W4, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2047, Cable Assy W101, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2048, Cable Assy W110, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2049, Cable Assy W118, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2050, Cable Assy W120, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2052, Cable Assy W201, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2053, Cable Assy W202, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2054, Cable Assy W205, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2055, Cable Assy W206, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2056, Cable Assy W207, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2057, Cable Assy W208, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2058, Cable Assy W209, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2059, Cable Assy W210, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2061, Cable Assy W009, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2063, Cable Assy W115, 350 each,  5995-01-182-2064, Cable Assy W122, 350 each,  5995-01-224-1188, Cable Assy W119, 350 each,  5995-01-224-1189, Cable Assy W102, 350 each,  5995-01-261-0408, Cable Assy W217, 350 each,  5995-01-261-0414, Cable Assy W123, 350 each,  5995-01-292-6460, Cable Assy W211, 350 each,  5995-01-293-5609, Cable Assy W215, 350 each,  5995-01-293-5610, Cable Assy W204, 350 each,  5995-01-294-1150, Cable Assy W219, 350 each,  5995-01-294-1151, Cable Assy W216, 350 each,  This is not a Request for Proposal. No solicitation document exists. It is projected that a solicitation for a contract will follow. Interested source can request drawings by contacting Kwok Li by e-mail (kwok.li@us.army.mil). Please request drawings by De c 18, 2007. Suppliers capable of furnishing the above items must so indicate, by writing to Commander, USA CECOM LCMC, ATTN: AMSEL-LC-COM-T-MB (Li), Building 1202W, Fort Monmouth, NJ 07703 NLT Dec 27, 2007. EMAIL-ADDRESS: kwok.li@us.army.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAB07/MARKET-SURVEY-4091-1/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>andrea.ferrell@conus.army.mil
<DESC>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>07703-5008
<POPADDRESS>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07 ATTN:  AMSEL-AC, Building 1208 Fort Monmouth NJ
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVSEA HQ
<ZIP>20376
<CLASSCOD>A
<OFFADD>N00024  1333 Isaac Hull Avenue S.E.    Washington Navy Yard, DC
<SUBJECT>A--Photocathode and Hi-Current Injectors
<SOLNBR>N0002408R4207
<CONTACT>Flanice Lewis 202-781-1608
<DESC>The Naval Sea Systems Command intends to procure an Innovative Navy Prototype (INP) of the Free Electron Laser (FEL) weapon system, including data and engineering and technical services, from Advanced Energy Systems, Inc., 27 Industrial Boulevard, Unit E, Medford, NY 11763, on a sole source basis.  Questions concerning subcontracting opportunities should be addressed by AES.  See Note 22.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/NAVSEAHQ/N0002408R4207/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0618
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Strategic Systems Programs
<LOCATION>SSP
<ZIP>22202-3930
<CLASSCOD>14
<NAICS>541710
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Strategic Systems Programs, SSP, ATTN CODE SPN Strategic Systems Programs, Arlington, VA, 22202-3930, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>14 -- Navy Test Support and Analysis
<SOLNBR>N00030-08-Q-0005
<RESPDATE>070307
<CONTACT>Paul Bonsiero, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-601-9454, Fax 703-601-9473, Email Paul.Bonsiero@ssp.navy.mil - GERARD MISKELLY, Contracting Officer, Phone 703-601-9445, Fax 703-601-9473, Email GMISKELLY@SSP.NAVY.MIL
<DESC>This procurement requires range radar data collection and analysis for the US and UK Navy's Fleet Ballistic Missile program.  Tasks include but are not limited to installation, assembly and operation of range radars during flight test missions, gathering of flight data, post flight analysis and reporting of same data, and disassembly, storage and maintenance of radar equipment in between operations. The contract will be awarded to Northrop Grumman Space & Mission Systems Corporation (NGSMSC), XonTech Systems (NGX) in Van Nuys, CA. NGX is the only company with the unique knowledge, expertise and technical resources to provide and perform the required effort. See Note 22.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/SSP/SSP/N00030-08-Q-0005/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>91406
<POPADDRESS>7040 Hayvenhurst Avenue / Van Nuys / CA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0419
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Strategic Systems Programs
<LOCATION>SSP
<ZIP>22202-3930
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Strategic Systems Programs, SSP, ATTN CODE SPN Strategic Systems Programs, Arlington, VA, 22202-3930, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>J -- MK6 Guidance System Program Support
<SOLNBR>N00030-08-Q-0010
<RESPDATE>052307
<CONTACT>GERARD MISKELLY, Contracting Officer, Phone 703-601-9445, Fax 703-601-9473, Email GMISKELLY@SSP.NAVY.MIL
<DESC>This procurement requires the contractor to ensure that the TRIDENT guidance systems are sustained through their product life cycle.  The contractor shall perform detailed analysis of all factory and fleet performance data and lead the development of alternative technologies to mitigate product obsolescence.  The contractor shall provide program management, administration, engineering, contracting, configuration, and process control for the maintenance and repair of the MK6 guidance system to insure that it meets all system performance objectives; including cost, electrical and mechanical interface control intended for high accuracy instrumentation applications.  The contract will be awarded to Charles Stark Draper Laboratories (CSDL), Inc., Cambridge, MA.  CSDL possesses the unique knowledge and the facilities needed to manage the capability of EA, IMU, and PIGA repair.  No source other than CSDL has the technical capacity, facilities, and critical expertise, including comprehensive knowledge and understanding of design, to provide the engineering, program management, and repair and refurbishment support of deployed TRIDENT II MK6 missile guidance systems.  This procurement will include a base period of performance from 
01 October 2007 through 30 September 2008, plus 2 one-year option periods.  
See Note 22.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/SSP/SSP/N00030-08-Q-0010/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>02139
<POPADDRESS>Cambridge, MA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSC HQ - Washington
<ZIP>20398-5540
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>488330
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Military Sealift Command, MSC HQ - Washington, 914 Charles Morris Court, SE Washington Navy Yard, Washington, DC, 20398-5540, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>V -- Guam Tug Time Charter
<SOLNBR>N00033-08-R-1005
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01022008
<CONTACT>Jeff Fugate, Contract Specialist Intern, Phone 202-685-5964, Fax 202-685-5965, Email jeffrey.fugate@navy.mil - Cathy Stangler, Procurement Officer, Phone 202-685-5952, Fax 202-685-5966, Email cathy.stangler@navy.mil
<DESC>This charter provides for one (1) time-chartered tug to support the Government's requirement.  Contractor shall provide the vessel or substitute vessel with the characteristics offered and accepted at the time of award.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/MSC/MSCHQ/N00033-08-R-1005/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>GUAM
<POPADDRESS>Apra Harbor, Guam
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<ZIP>17050-0788
<CLASSCOD>D
<OFFADD>N00104  NAVICP  5450 Carlisle Pike  PO Box 2020  Mechanicsburg, PA
<SUBJECT>D--Purchasing KIV-7HSB TDMA/TIP-Compatible Encryption Module
<SOLNBR>N0010408QQ203
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>01112008
<CONTACT>Mary D. Fasching 717-605-3079 Jennifer Jones 717-605-2057
<DESC>COMNAVAIRPAC and the Naval Inventory Control Point (NAVICP-M) intend to issue a purchase order to 100% Small Business Concerns, for the purchase of the KIV-7HSB TDMA/TIP-Compatible Encryption Module. The KIV-7HSB TDMA/TIP-Compatible Encryption Module will replace obsolete VTC technology. This contract will provide support to COMNAVREG Southwest. The Government intends to acquire this commercial service using Simplified Acquisition Procedures under Request for Quotation (RFQ) N00104-08-QQ203 Attached is a PDF solicitation and a PDF file of the model KIV-7M units. If you are unable to open RFQ attachments the Point of Contact for this acquisition is Mary D. Fasching, Contract Specialist, Email: Mary.Fasching@navy.mil, and Jennifer Jones Trainee, Email: Jennifer.N.Jones@navy.mil Naval Inventory Point-Mechanicsburg, 5450 Carlisle Pike, P O Box 2020,Mechanicsburg,PA 17055
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N000104/N0010408QQ203/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>mary.fasching@navy.mil
<DESC>mary.fasching@navy.mil
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NSWC Crane Division
<ZIP>47522-5001
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>N00164  300 Highway 361, Building 64    Crane, IN
<SUBJECT>59--FABRICATION OF AN/SPS-49 REFLECTOR SLAT
<SOLNBR>N0016408RGR05
<RESPDATE>011608
<ARCHDATE>02152008
<CONTACT>Terry Hembree 812-854-2637
<DESC>This synopsis is being posted to both the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) page located at https://www.fbo.gov and the Navy Electronic Commerce on Line (NECO) site located at http://www.neco.navy.mil.  While it is understood that FBO is the single point of entry for posting of synopsis and solicitations to the internet, NECO is the alternative in case FBO is unavailable.  Please feel free to use either site to access information posted by the NSWC Division Crane.  Offerors are encouraged to access information also available on the NSWC Crane Division web site at http://www.crane.navy.mil/acquisition/homepage.htm. NAVSURFWARCEN Crane Division has a requirement for procurement of AN/SPS-49 Reflector Slats IAW a statement of work and Government owned Raytheon drawing No. 912164 Antenna Reflector, AN/SPS-49, Specification: MIL-C-5541. The contract for this commercial procurement will be a Fixed Firm Price, Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity Supply contract, for a period of five (5) years.  CLIN 0001:  Min Quantity 1 Set, Max Quantity 75 Sets.  Small Business set-aside 100%.  Solicitation N00164-08-R-GR05 will be issued on a full and open competition basis.  DFARS Clause 252.225-7014 Alt 1(Preference for domestic specialty metals) applies to this procurement.   RFP will be available for download at www.crane.navy.mil/acquisition/homepage.htm. on or about 20 December 2007. Closing date will be on or about 16 January 2008.  Delivery will be F.O.B. destination to Naval Surface Warfare Center, Bldg 3168 Code 8091, Crane, IN  47522.  NAICS Code 334419; FSG Code 5999. Point of contact is Mr. Terry Hembree, Code 0565ZE at (812) 854-2637, e-mail terry.hembree@navy.mil  .  This notice of intent is not a request for proposals. All responsible sources may submit an offer, which shall be considered by this agenc!  y.   Offers must be submitted in the format specified in the solicitation to be considered. Submitting a bid from the NECO web site by clicking on the "Submit Bid" does not guarantee offers will be received by the proper person in the correct format. It is the responsibility of Offerors to download the RFP and to submit offers to the POC at NSWC Crane to be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/N00164/N0016408RGR05/listing.html
<DESC>NSWC CRANE WEB PAGE
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Terry.Hembree@navy.mil
<DESC>TO EMAIL POC
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NSWC Carderock Division
<ZIP>20817-5700
<CLASSCOD>60
<OFFADD>N00167  9500 MacArthur Blvd    West Bethesda, MD
<SUBJECT>60--BELDEN CABLE 8404
<SOLNBR>N0016708T0019
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>01102008
<CONTACT>Hugh Harrison 301-227-1123
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for Commercial Items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12., as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. Solicitation number N00167-08-T-0019 applies and is hereby issued as a request for quotation (RFQ).  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation and proposals are being requested.  A written solicitation will not be issued.  This RFQ is a Total Small Business Set-Aside. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-21 as well as DCN 20071108. Selection for award will be based price and past performance. A Firm-Fixed Price purchase order will be awarded using Simplified Acquisition Procedures. To be eligible for an award, contractors must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database. Registration may be done by accessing the CCR Web site at http://www.ccr.gov.   Quotes that are non-compliant with any material requirement of this solicitation may be rejected without further consideration for award.  All responsible sources may submit a quote that will be considered by the Agency.  The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 423610 ?Small Business size standard is 100 employees. This requirement as follows:  CLIN  0001 ?  UNIT QUANTITY - 149 (BX) ? ITEM DESCRIPTION ? BELDEN CABLE, 1000' /  "UNREEL BOX", #20AWG SHIELDED PVC; BELDEN PART #8404-060U1000; NOTE: THIS REQUIREMENT MUST BE PACKAGED IN THE MANUFACTURERS "UNREEL BOX". NOT ON A STANDARD WIRE REEL. (NO EQUALS OR SUBSTITUTES WILL BE ACCEPTED). FOB Destination. Delivery is required thirty (30) days after receipt of order. Final inspection and acceptance will be at Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division (NSWCCD);  9500 MacArthur Blvd; West Bethesda, MD 20817-5700.   The following provisions and clauses apply:  52.212-1-INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (JAN 2006) ; 52.212-4      CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS-- COMMERCIAL ITEMS (FEB 2007);  52.212-5     CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (NOV 2007) DEVIATION; 52.211-14     NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE USE (SEP 1990)  RATING (DO); 52.211-15     DEFENSE PRIORITY AND ALLOCATION REQUIREMENTS (SEP 1990); 252.212-7001     CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS APPLICABLE TO DEFENSE ACQUISITIONS OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS (APR 2007) DEVIATION; The following provisions with a ?Fill-in? MUST be filled out completely and submitted with the offer: 52.212-3     OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (MAR 2005) ALTERNATE I (APR 2002); CAR-L01  NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE SUPPLIERS (OCT 2003) (a) Past performance for this procurement will be evaluated using the Navy's Red/Yellow/Green (RYG) Program.  RYG is authorized by the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Acquisition) for use in the acquisition of supplies and services used to build, maintain, and operate the Fleet. (b) The Government reserves the right to award to the supplier whose quote represents the best value to the Government.  As such, the basis for award will include an evaluation of each supplier?s past performance history for the Federal Supply Class(s) or Service Code(s) (FSCs) of the supplies and services being purchased.  The price to be considered in determining best value will be the evaluated price after application of Technical Evaluation Adjustments (TEAs). (c) The procedures described in the clause entitled "Additional Evaluation Factor for Consideration of Past Performance--Navy Red/Yellow/Green Program (APR 1999)" will be used to a!  ssist in determining the best value for the Government. CAR-M01  ADDITIONAL EVALUATION FACTOR FOR CONSIDERATION OF PAST PERFORMANCE?NAVY RED/YELLOW/GREEN PROGRAM (APR 1999) (a) This procurement is subject to the Navy's Red/Yellow/Green (RYG) Program, authorized by the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development and Acquisition) for use by participating activities during the acquisition of supplies and services used to build, maintain, and operate the Fleet. (b) The purpose of RYG is to assist contracting personnel during source selection to determine the best value for the Government.  The program uses accumulated supplier past performance data to classify each supplier?s performance by Federal Supply Class(es) or Service Code(s) (FSCs) as either red (high risk), yellow (moderate risk), green (low risk), or neutral (no risk established).  (c) To assist in source selection, a monetary assessment in the form of a Technical Evaluation Adjustment (TEA) is added to each supplier?s quote having a red or yellow classification!   for the FSC involved.  The dollar amount of the red or yellow TEA assessment is based on the cost to the Government of effecting additional actions required to assure performance by a supplier with an unsatisfactory performance history for the FSC(s) involved.  No TEA is assessed for a supplier having either a green or a neutral FSC RYG classification.  For purposes of the RYG program, a neutral classification is assigned to suppliers who are first time quoters to the Government for the FSC(s) involved, suppliers otherwise having no past performance data in the RYG database for the FSC(s) involved, and suppliers whose past performance data in the RYG database for the FSC(s) involved are over three years old.  After consideration of any other pertinent, price-related factors (e.g., transportation charges, first article testing, discount terms), the adjusted price becomes the basis for determining award.  A supplier?s FSC RYG classification may change over time as new or rev!  ised performance data becomes available.  (d) RYG Classifications are  summarized as follows:  (1) Green is low risk.  No performance assurance actions are considered necessary.  No TEA will be assessed. (2) Yellow is moderate risk.  Additional performance assurance actions are considered necessary.  A TEA will be applied to the prospective supplier?s price to reflect the Government?s estimated additional costs. (3) Red is high risk.  Significant additional performance assurance requirements are considered necessary.  A TEA will be applied to the prospective supplier?s price to reflect the Government?s estimated additional costs.  (4) Neutral is no risk established.  No TEA is assessed; nevertheless, additional performance assurance requirements may be considered necessary to assure quality and on-time delivery.  (e) RYG classifications for all applicable FSCs are established monthly for each supplier and provided to them.  Suppliers may address questions about the program or their FSC RYG classifications to the Naval Sea Logistics Center (NLSC) Portsmouth Detachment!  , Federal Building, Room 400, 80 Daniel Street, Portsmouth, NH  0380l-3884, telephone 603-431-9460, ext. 464.  FAX 603-431-9464.  Suppliers may also access their individual FSC RYG classifications through the automated vendor access program.  To obtain automated access, written request must be submitted on company letterhead to NLSC at the above address.  The request must include the requester?s name, title, company name, address, telephone number and Contractor and Government Entity (CAGE) code.  The CAGE code is mandatory.  In response, NLSC will provide each supplier, without charge, with an individual password, all required software, and information on accessing its individual data. Past performance will be evaluated using the Navy's RED/YELLOW/GREEN program as follows: (A) This procurement is subject to the Navy's Contractor Evaluation System, Red/Yellow/Green (RYG) program. RYG is authorized by the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development and Acquisition) for the acquisition of commodities used to build and maintain the Fleet--materials, parts and components of ships, planes and weapons systems. (B) The Government reserves the right to award to the contractor whose offer represents the best overall purchase value to the Government. As such, the basis for contract award will include an evaluation of proposed contractor's quality performance history. The price to be considered in determining the best value will be the evaluated price after Technical Evaluation Adjustments (TEA) or related quality assurance actions, as applicable, are applied to the offered price. (C) The procedures described in the clause of this solicitation entitled "ADD!  ITIONAL EVALUATION FACTORS--CONTRACTOR EVALUATION SYSTEM, RED/YELLOW/GREEN PROGRAM (MAY 1992)" will be used by the Contracting Officer to assist in determining the best purchase value for the Government - price, past quality performance and other factors considered.  Quotations may submitted by completing a copy of the attached RFQ N00167-08-T-0019 or by submitting quotations in accordance with the instructions included in the clause 52.212-1-INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (JAN 2006). Full text of solicitation provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): FAR clauses - http://www.arnet.gov/far/;  DFARS clauses - http://www.acq.osd.mil/dp/dars/dfars.html. Quote must include the CCR registration Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) number and Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number. All responses must be received by DECEMBER 11,2007; 5:00pm, ET and shall reference the Request for Quote number N00167-08-T-0019.   If a change occurs in this requirement, only those offerors that respond to this announcement within the required time frame will be provided any changes/amendments and considered for future discussions and/or award.  Questions/responses relative to this RFQ may be forwarded by email hugh.harrison@navy.mil or fax (301)227-1847.  See note #1
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/N00167/N0016708T0019/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>hugh.harrison@navy.mil
<DESC>point of contact
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Office of Naval Research
<LOCATION>Naval Research Laboratory/STENNIS
<ZIP>39529-5004
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541712
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Office of Naval Research, Naval Research Laboratory/STENNIS, John C. Stennis Space Center, Stennis Space Center, MS, 39529-5004, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- Design Optimization, Sensor Fusion Analysis and Testing of ISR and EW Sensors and Sensor Systems
<SOLNBR>N00173-08-R-SE01
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Eric Sogard, Contract Specialist, Phone 228-688-5980, Fax 228-688-6055, Email esogard@nrlssc.navy.mil - Patricia Lewis, Contracting Officer, Phone 228-688-5593, Fax 228-688-6055, Email plewis@nrlssc.navy.mil
<DESC>The Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) has a requirement for highly skilled personnel, equipment and facilities to support the Optical Sciences Division with a comprehensive integrated program of systems engineering, technical engineering, engineering analysis, independent assessments, and research activities pertaining to the development, measurement and evaluation of new and existing airborne systems and avionics for Navy and Marine Corps aircraft into the future. Types of developmental systems and programs requiring support include, but may not be limited to (a) ISR sensors and systems, (b) manned air/surface platform survivability and EW self protection systems, and (c) unmanned aerial and surface vehicle sensor systems. Technical requirements include in-depth expertise in requirements analysis and the evaluation and testing of complex, high resolution Vis/EO/IR sensors. Programmatic requirements include in-depth expertise in the Integrated Defense Acquisition Framework. The overall objective of this effort are the development and testing of Vis/EO/IR sensors systems including but not limited to (a) Laser based Directed Infrared Counter Measures (DIRCM) systems, (b) advanced airborne surveillance/reconnaissance systems, (c) the identification and development of state-of-the-art technologies which will provide solution to current or projected Fleet aircraft and other Naval platform survivability problems; and (d) the implementation, evaluation and transition of these technologies into engineering development or formal acquisition programs.  A Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee type contract is anticipated. The anticipated period of performance will be one (1) year with four (4) one-year options. SECRET Facility and Personnel clearances shall be required. The primary place of performance will be at the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington D.C. The solicitation will close approximately 30 days after issuance of the Request for Proposal (RFP). A detailed solicitation and Statement of Work with Personnel Qualifications will be posted on NRLs website at http://heron.nrl.navy.mil/contracts/listrfp.htm approximately 15 days from the posting of this notice. NRL utilizes Electronic Commerce (EC) to issue RFPs and amendments to RFPs paper copies of the RFP will not be provided. Any resultant contract will be DO rated under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). An original and 3 copies of the offerors proposal shall be received on or before the response date and time noted in the RFP. The package should be marked with the solicitation number, due date and time. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered by the agency. Other business opportunities for NRL are available at our website http://heron.nrl.navy.mil/contracts/listrfp.htm  See numbered note 1, 25 and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/ONR/Code3235/N00173-08-R-SE01/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20375-5320
<POPADDRESS>Naval Research Laboratory, Washington D.C.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NSWC Dahlgren Division
<ZIP>22448-5100
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>N00178  17320 Dahlgren Road    Dahlgren, VA
<SUBJECT>59--Conversion Kits for the Operational Readiness Test System
<SOLNBR>N0017808Q3393
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>02012008
<CONTACT>XDS13-9 540-653-7765 XDS13-9
<DESC>This synopsis is being posted to both the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) webpage located at http://www.fbo.gov and the Navy Electronic Commerce on Line (NECO) website located at http://www.neco.navy.mil.  While it is understood that FBO is the single point of entry for posting of synopsis and solicitations to the internet, NECO is the alternative in case FBO is unavailable.  Please feel free to use either site to access information posted by the Navy Sea Systems Command. The Naval Surface Warfare Center, Dahlgren Division intends to purchase on a sole source basis (16) Conversion kits for the Operational Readiness Test System (ORTS) from L-3 Communications Corporation, 10770 Wateridge Circle, San Diego, CA 92121. L-3 Communications is the original manufacturer of this shipboard equipment.   Simplified Acquisition Procedures will be utilized for award in accordance with FAR Part 13.  Anticipated award date is 17 December 2007.  Delivery is FOB destination Dahlgren Virginia. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 334119 with a size standard of 1,000 employees.  All responsible sources may submit a quote which shall be considered.  Quotes may be submitted via email to DLGR_NSWC_XDS13@navy.mil or facsimile at (540) 653-6810, Attn: XDS13-9.  Reference Request for Quotation Number N00178-08-Q-3393 on all correspondence.  The closing date for receipt of quotations is 12 December 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/N00178/N0017808Q3393/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC, Norfolk Naval Shipyard Annex
<ZIP>23709-5000
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334516
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Supply Systems Command, FISC, Norfolk Naval Shipyard Annex, Building 1500 Code 530, 2nd Floor, Portsmouth, VA, 23709-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>66 -- CARRIER LOW PRESSURE RESIN CATCH TANKS, CASKS, AND TRANSPORT TRAILERS
<SOLNBR>N00189-08-Q-E006
<ARCHDATE>01152008
<CONTACT>Nancy Hayden, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-396-8346, Fax 757-396-8503, Email nancy.hayden@navy.mil - Mary Ward, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 757-396-8356, Fax 757-396-8368, Email mary.e.ward@navy.mil
<DESC>FISC - NNSY Maritime Industrial Branch, Hampton Roads Division proposes to contract on a sole source basis with Energy Solution, (formally Duratek, Inc.). for CLIN 0001 - purchase of two (2) each Model PL 14-195 High Integrity Containers (HICs) IAW Energy Solutions/Duratek Drawing C-042-046941-001, Rev. 2 and additional requirements set forth is written solicitation; CLIN 0002 - purchase of two (2) each Model PL21-300 High Integrity Containers (HICs) IAW Energy Solutions/Duratek Drawing C-042-046941-001, Rev. 2 and additional requirements set forth in written solicitation; CLIN 0003 - rental of one (1) each transport trailer and tie-down gear to be used for transporting Model 14-195H cask  with the PL14-195 HIC for a period of six (6)months minimum but not to exceed ten (10) months, trailer must be capable of accepting a Energy Solutions/Duratek 14 Series Personnel Barrier; CLIN 0004 -  rental of two each Model 21-300 Casks and applicable transport trailers for a period of six (6) months but not to exceed ten (10) months.  The contractor will be required various test reports, certifications proof of inspections and approvals IAW detailed specifications set forth in the solicitation.  Delivery will be to Norfolk Naval Shipyard, Portsmouth, VA 23709-5000.  Requirement will be handled utilizing simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13.5 Test Program for Certain Commercial Items.  NAICS Code 334516 applies with a size standard of 500 employees.  Important Notice:  DFAR 252.204-7004 REQUIRED CENTRAL REGISTRATION (CCR) applies.  Lack of registration in the CCR database will make an offeror ineligible for award.  Information regarding CCR may be found at www.ccr.gov.  Requests for the solicitation will be accepted via regular/expedited mail and e-mail only addressed to:  FISC- NNSY Maritime Industrial Branch, Hampton Roads Division, Building 1500, 2nd Floor, ATTN: Nancy Hayden, Code 532.4A, Portsmouth, VA  23709-5000.  FAX AND/OR PHONE REQUESTS ARE NOT AUTHORIZED AND WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED.  Numbered Note 22 applies.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00189A/N00189-08-Q-E006/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC NORFOLK, PORTSMOUTH NAVAL SHIPYARD ANNEX
<ZIP>03801
<CLASSCOD>42
<OFFADD>N00189  Building 153, 6th Floor    Portsmouth, NH
<SUBJECT>42--DIAMOND MESH SAFETY NET
<SOLNBR>N0018908QP615
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12142008
<CONTACT>Michelle Thompson 207-438-3877 Patricia Vachon 207-438-3853
<DESC>This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial items prepared in accordance with the information in FAR Subpart 12.6, using Simplified Acquisition Procedures under the test program for commercial items found at FAR 13.5, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; a written solicitation will not be issued. PAPER COPIES OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE. This combined synopsis/solicitation SHALL be posted on both FEDBIZOPPS and NECO (https://www.neco.navy.mil/ ). The RFQ number is N00189-08-Q-P615. This solicitation documents and incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through FAC 2005-21 and DFARS Change Notice 20071108.  It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The clauses may be accessed in full text at these addresses: www.acqnet.gov/far and http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/html/current/252201.h!  tm. The NAICS code is 314991 and the Small Business Standard is 500. This is a 100% Small Business Set-Aside.  The FISC Norfolk DET Portsmouth, NH requests responses from qualified sources capable of providing:  50 EA, DIAMOND MESH SAFETY NETS. MATERIAL TO BE NYLON. MESH ROPE TO BE 0.155 INCHES DIAMETER AND THE FRAME ROPE TO BE 3/8 INCH DIAMETER. ALL MATERIAL TO BE WEATHER RESISTANT TREATED. TENSILE STRENGTH TO BE 800 LBS. INTERSECTIONS OF MESH AND FRAME TO BE INTERLOCKED. MESH SPACING OF 2-1/2 INCHES. FINISH SIZE OF NET TO BE 3 FEET WIDE X 50 FEET LONG. Please provide Unit Price. Delivery is NLT 31 JAN 2008.  Responsibility and Inspection: unless otherwise specified in the order, the supplier is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements and quality control. The following FAR provision and clauses are applicable to this procurement:  52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items; 52.212-3 and its ALT I, Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items; 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items; and 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items to include 52.233-3, 52.219-6, 52.222-3, 52.222-19, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.225-1, 52.225-13, and 52.232-33. Quoters are reminded to include a completed copy of 52.212-3 and its ALT I with quotes. Additional contract terms and conditions applicable to this procurement are: 252.212-7000, Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items and 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Sta!  tutes or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items including 52.203-3, 252-225-7001, 252.225-7021, 252.225-7036, 252.232-7003, and 252.247-7023.  Other clauses that apply are 52.211-15, 52.253-1, 52.223-11, 52.252-2. and 52.252-6. This announcement will close at 1600 on 14 December 2007.  Contact Michelle Thompson who can be reached at 207-438-3877 or email michelle.m.thompson@navy.mil. A determination by the Government to not compete this proposed effort on a full and open competitive basis, based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. Telephone requests will not be considered. All responsible sources may submit a quote which shall be considered by the agency. See Numbered Note: 1.   52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Items is applicable to this procurement. While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award will be based on a combination of factors - a combination of price and delivery.  Central Contractor Registration (CCR). Quoters must be registered in the CCR database to be considered for award. Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.ccr.gov/. METHOD OF PROPOSAL SUBMISSION:  The NECO website has a "submit bid" button next to the solicitation number.  DO NOT use the "submit bid" button on NECO to submit your proposal. Offers may be submitted by email to michelle.m.thompson@navy.mil or by fax to 207-438-1251.  All quotes shall include price(s), FOB destination, a point of contact, name, phone number, fax number, and official email address, a GSA contract number if applicable, business size, and payment terms. Each response must clearly indicate the capability of the quoter to meet all specifications and requirements. 		******* End of Combined Synopsis/Solicitation ********
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00189PNH/N0018908QP615/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>michelle.m.thompson@navy.mil
<DESC>michelle.m.thompson@navy.mil
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC San Diego
<ZIP>92132-0212
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>N00244  Naval Base  937 North Harbor Drive  San Diego, CA
<SUBJECT>J--HULL CLEANING SERVICES ON VARIOUS PORT OPERATIONS BOATS.
<SOLNBR>N0024408T0094
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>01102008
<CONTACT>BOB DOUGLAS 619-532-3026 BOB DOUGLAS 619-532-3026
<DESC>IMPORTANT NOTICE: DFARS 252.204-7004 ?Required Central Contractor Registration? applies to all solicitations issued on / or after 06-01-98.  Lack of registration in the CCR database will make an offeror / quoter INELIGIBLE FOR AWARD.  Please ensure compliance with this regulation when submitting your quote.  Call 1-888-227-2423 or visit the Internet at http://www.bpn.gov or http://www.ccr.gov for more information. FISC San Diego is announcing its intent to issue a  Combine Synopsis/Request for Quote (RFQ),   for Commander Navy Region Southwest, Naval Station, Port Operations, San  Diego, Ca. 92136.   All eligible sources must obtain a copy of the mention solicitation referenced below.  THE AGENCY NEEDS IS FOR:  Hull Cleaning Services on Various Port Operations Boats.  Contractor must obtain a copy of Solicitation Prior to quoting.  This announcement is published as a Total Small Business Small Business Set-Aside action per FAR 52.219-1 and 52.219-6.  This is a synopsis for commercial supplies/services prepared in accordance with FAR 13 and the format in FAR subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.   Solicitation number N00244-08-T-0094 applies; an electronic copy of the RFQ can be accessed at https://www.neco.navy.mil.  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2001-04 and DFAR Change Notices effective through 01/29/02.  The standard industrial code is 3731!   and North American industry Classification System code is (NAICS) 336611. This requirement is for a fixed priced contract .  The business size standard is 1,000. The government intends to make a single award to the responsible offeror whose offer is the most advantageous to the government considering price and price-related factors.   The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors ? Commercial Items applies.  Addendum to FAR 52.212-1, Paragraph (b)(5): Offers shall provide an express warranty which at a minimum shall be the same warranty terms, including offers of extended warranties, offered to the general public.  Express warranties shall be included in the contract. Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions ? Commercial Items applies as well as the following addendum clauses: FAR 219-1, Small Business Program Representations; FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; FAR 52.211-5, Material Requirements.   The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders ? Commercial Items applies with the following applicable clauses for paragraph (b): FAR 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity; FAR 52.222-35, Affirmative Action for Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era, FAR 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities; FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era. DFARS 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items, applies with the following clauses applicable for paragraph (b): DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American Act and Balance of Payment Program; and DFARS 252.225-7012, Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities; and FAR 52.211-6, Brand Name or Equal. OFFERORS ARE REQUIRED TO COMPLETE AND INCLUDE A COPY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS WITH THEIR PROPOSALS: FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representation and Certifications ? Commercial Items. The following clauses are included:  52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities.  52.222-41 Service Contract Act 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates For Federal Hires.  52.222-47 Service Contract Act (SCA) Minimum Wages and Fringe Benefits.  52.222-48 exception From Application of Service Contract Act Provisions for Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, and/or Repair of Certain Information Technology, Scientific and Medical and/or Office and Business Equipment- Contractor Certification.  52.222-49 Service Contract Act ? Place of Performance Unknown Provision 52.212-2, Evaluation ? Commercial Items, applies with paragraph (a) completed as follows: Award will be made to the offeror that meets the solicitation?s minimum criteria for technical acceptability at the lowest price.   (option 1) To be determined technically acceptable, the offeror must furnish product literature that demonstrates the products offered meet all requirements stated in the above reference written solicitation. In addition NAVSUP 5252.215-9402, Notice to Prospective Offerors, and 5252.215-9403, Additional Evaluation Factors ? Contractor Evaluation System, Red / Yellow / Green Program applies. Note:  The full text of the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) can be accessed on the Internet at www.arnet.gov.far  or  www.deskbook.osd.mil; Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) can be accessed on the Internet at www.dtic.mil/dfars. Parties responding to this solicitation may submit their quote in accordance with their standard commercial practices (e.g. on company letterhead, formal quote form, etc.) but must include the following information: 1) Company?s complete mailing and remittance addresses, discounts for prompt payment, if any (e.g. 1% 10 days), anticipated delivery / availability of product / s, the company?s CAGE code, Dun & Bradstreet Number, and Taxpayer ID number.  In addition, if you are quoting on a comparable commercial item, product literature must be included.  All FAR certifications and representations specified above must also accompany your quote.  Quotes must be received no later than 12:00 PM, Pacific Standard Time.  12/11/2007 and will be accepted via fax (619-532-2347) or via e-mail (robert.douglas@navy.mil) Quotes submitted as an attachment to an e-mail should be sent in Word Version 6.0 or higher .  See Numbered Note (13).
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/200/N0024408T0094/listing.html
<DESC>https://www.neco.navy.mil
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>robert.douglas@navy.mil
<DESC>robert.douglas@navy.mil
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>16--HOUSING PART,TRANSM
<SOLNBR>N0038308G001J5055
<CONTACT>CAITRIN L. MURPHY, 0225.05, PHONE (215)697-9983, FAX (215)697-3746, EMAIL CAITRIN.MURPHY@NAVY.MIL
<DESC>NSN 0Q-1680-015535091-V2, IAW REF NR 4504732A, QTY 10 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN, ISSUE TO HAMILTON SUNDSTRAND CORP, SAN DIEGO, CA 92186-5757 -SEE NOTES   9, 22, 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/N0038308G001J5055/listing.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>15
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>15--MANIFOLD ASSY,FLOW,
<SOLNBR>N0038308G001J5056
<CONTACT>CAITRIN L. MURPHY, 0225.05, PHONE (215)697-9983, FAX (215)697-3746, EMAIL CAITRIN.MURPHY@NAVY.MIL
<DESC>NSN 7R-1560-015420185-V2, IAW REF NR 4503872A, QTY 22 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN, ISSUE TO HAMILTON SUNDSTRAND CORP, SAN DIEGO, CA 92186-5757 -SEE NOTES   9, 22, 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/N0038308G001J5056/listing.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>J--INDICATOR,TEMPERATU, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
<SOLNBR>N0038308QG017
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02172008
<CONTACT>KELSEY HUKE, 0263.20, PHONE (215)697-4377, FAX (215)697-0189, EMAIL KELSEY.HUKE@NAVY.MIL
<DESC>NSN 7R-6685-015068079-FZ, TDP VER 002, QTY 50 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. The subject item requires Government source approval prior to contract award, as the item is flight critical and/or the technical data available has not been         determined adequate to support acquisition via full and open competition. Only   the source(s) previously approved by the government for this item have been      solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that  an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an   approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information    detailed in the "https://www.neco.navy.mil/sar.cfm" Naval Inventory Control      Point Philadelphia Source Approval Information Brochure. This brochure           identifies technical data required to be submitted based on your company's       experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you  have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being          evaluated at NAVICP-P, submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which   forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to        provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous   submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be      considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a    source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or   approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to    meet government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue      based on Fleet support needs. The NAVICP Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.neco.navy.mil/sar.cfm". -SEE NOTES 9, 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/N0038308QG017/listing.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>J--INDICATOR,TEMPERATU, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
<SOLNBR>N0038308QG018
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02172008
<CONTACT>KELSEY HUKE, 0263.20, PHONE (215)697-4377, FAX (215)697-0189, EMAIL KELSEY.HUKE@NAVY.MIL
<DESC>NSN 7R-6685-001830351-FZ, TDP VER 004, QTY 25 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. The subject item requires Government source approval prior to contract award, as the item is flight critical and/or the technical data available has not been         determined adequate to support acquisition via full and open competition. Only   the source(s) previously approved by the government for this item have been      solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that  an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an   approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information    detailed in the "https://www.neco.navy.mil/sar.cfm" Naval Inventory Control      Point Philadelphia Source Approval Information Brochure. This brochure           identifies technical data required to be submitted based on your company's       experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you  have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being          evaluated at NAVICP-P, submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which   forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to        provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous   submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be      considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a    source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or   approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to    meet government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue      based on Fleet support needs. The NAVICP Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.neco.navy.mil/sar.cfm". -SEE NOTES 9, 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/N0038308QG018/listing.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>J--INDICATOR,TEMPERATU, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
<SOLNBR>N0038308QG019
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02172008
<CONTACT>KELSEY HUKE, 0263.20, PHONE (215)697-4377, FAX (215)697-0189, EMAIL KELSEY.HUKE@NAVY.MIL
<DESC>NSN 7R-6685-009879308-FZ, REF NR 8DJ100LAW1, QTY 45 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. The subject item requires Government source approval prior to contract   award, as the item is flight critical and/or the technical data available has    not been determined adequate to support acquisition via full and open            competition. Only the source(s) previously approved by the government for this   item have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is      normally such that an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source.  If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal,  the information detailed in the "https://www.neco.navy.mil/sar.cfm" Naval        Inventory Control Point Philadelphia Source Approval Information Brochure. This  brochure identifies technical data required to be submitted based on your        company's experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being evaluated at NAVICP-P, submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which   forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to        provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous   submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be      considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a    source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or   approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to    meet government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue      based on Fleet support needs. The NAVICP Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.neco.navy.mil/sar.cfm". -SEE NOTES 9, 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/N0038308QG019/listing.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>58
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>58--RECEIVER-TRANSMITTE
<SOLNBR>N0038308QG022
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02212008
<CONTACT>MICHAEL D. MACDONALD, 0263.19, PHONE (215)697-4932, FAX (215)697-0189, EMAIL MICHAEL.D.MACDONALD@NAVY.MIL
<DESC>NSN 7R-5821-014178763-FX, REF NR 622-8149-003, QTY 13 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN -SEE NOTES 9, 22, 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/N0038308QG022/listing.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>59--HARNESS,ELECTRICAL
<SOLNBR>N0038308QJ075
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02212008
<CONTACT>DAVE GIOIA, 0225.02, PHONE (215)697-3189, FAX (215)697-3746, EMAIL DAVID.GIOIA@NAVY.MIL
<DESC>NSN 1R-5999-015287492-V2, REF NR 4506365, QTY 8 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN -SEE NOTES 9, 22, 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/N0038308QJ075/listing.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>28
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>28--LINER,COMBUSTION CH
<SOLNBR>N0038308QM043
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02212008
<CONTACT>DORA MCCORRISTON, 0261.03, PHONE (215)697-4384, FAX (215)697-1388, EMAIL DORA.MCCORRISTON@NAVY.MIL
<DESC>NSN 7R-2840-010390903-NQ, REF NR 3026768, QTY 29 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. The subject item requires Government source approval prior to contract award, as the item is flight critical and/or the technical data available has not been     determined adequate to support acquisition via full and open competition. Only   the source(s) previously approved by the government for this item have been      solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that  an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an   approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information    detailed in the "https://www.neco.navy.mil/sar.cfm" Naval Inventory Control      Point Philadelphia Source Approval Information Brochure. This brochure           identifies technical data required to be submitted based on your company's       experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you  have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being          evaluated at NAVICP-P, submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which   forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to        provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous   submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be      considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a    source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or   approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to    meet government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue      based on Fleet support needs. The NAVICP Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.neco.navy.mil/sar.cfm". Government source      approval is required for the supply of this item. Drawings are not available.    -SEE NOTES 9, 22, 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/N0038308QM043/listing.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC PUGET SOUND
<ZIP>98314-5000
<CLASSCOD>47
<NAICS>332919
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Supply Systems Command, FISC PUGET SOUND, 467 W STREET, BREMERTON, WA, 98314-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>47 -- Metal Piping Parts
<SOLNBR>N00406-08-T-0112
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>01152008
<CONTACT>Margeaux Bruce, Contract Specialist, Phone 360-476-1914, Fax 360-476-6480, Email margeaux.bruce@navy.mil
<DESC>Approximately 211 line items for metal parts such as bushings, couplings, Y-Strainers, flanges, tees, pipe hangers, elbows, etc. in various sizes and quantities. Items are intended for repair of steam service piping.
It is anticipated that the solicitation will be posted to the NECO website as a Small Business Set Aside on or about December 14, 2007 with proposals due by on or about December 31, 2007.   
A Firm-Fixed Price, Supply type contract will be awarded in accordance with FAR parts 12 and 13.5, Commercial and Simplified Acquisition Procedures.   Terms will be FOB Destination to Travis AFB, CA 94535. Delivery will be due approximately 120 days after date of award.
All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered by FISCPS.   This solicitation and any subsequent amendments will be posted to the NECO website: https://www.neco.navy.mil.  Prospective offerors are responsible for downloading their own copy of the solicitation from this website and for frequently monitoring that site for any amendments.  The Government is not responsible for any inability of the offeror to access the posted documents.  
No telephone or fax requests will be accepted, and no hard-copy solicitation/amendment will be mailed or faxed.
Electronic submission of proposals/quotes is not available at this time.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00406/N00406-08-T-0112/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<ZIP>23451
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Military Sealift Command, MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2, BUILDING 238-2 CAMP PENDLETON, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA, 23451, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>J -- USNS FLINT (T-AE 32) TURBINE REPAIRS
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-2012
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>03102008
<CONTACT>Andres Medina, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-417-4605, Fax 757-417-4606, Email andres.medina@navy.mil - Mia Grant, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 757-417-4810, Fax 757-417-4606, Email mia.grant@navy.mil
<DESC>USNS FLINT(T-AE 32) TURBINE REPAIRS.  PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE 31 DEC-01 JUNE, 2008.  RFQ WILL BE POSTED ON/ABT 05 DEC, 2007 AND MAY BE VIEWED AT WWW.MSC.NAVY.MIL UNDER THE CONTRACT SECTION.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/MSC/MSFSCVIRGINIABEACH2382/N40442-08-T-2012/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>00000
<POPADDRESS>AT CONTRACTORS LOCATION
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<ZIP>23451
<CLASSCOD>20
<NAICS>334119
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Military Sealift Command, MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2, BUILDING 238-2 CAMP PENDLETON, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA, 23451, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>20 -- INSTALL REVERSE KVM AND DOOR LIMIT SWITCH
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-5101
<RESPDATE>120507
<ARCHDATE>12202007
<CONTACT>Cynthia  Clemons, Contract Specialist, Phone (757) 417-4547, Fax (757) 417-4606, Email cynthia.clemons@navy.mil - Cynthia  Clemons, Contract Specialist, Phone (757) 417-4547, Fax (757) 417-4606, Email cynthia.clemons@navy.mil
<DESC>The Government intends to award a Sole Source Purchase Order to CONVERTEAM, 610 EPSILON DR., PITTSBURGH, PA 15238, for installation of reverse KVM and door limit switches on the USNS LEWIS AND CLARK. CONVERTEAM has established proprietary rights in the service required. This award will be pursuant to FAR 19.10 and DFARS 219.10, Small Business Competitiveness Demonstration Program.  This notice is not a request for competitive proposals.  Numbered note 22 applies.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/MSC/MSFSCVIRGINIABEACH2382/N40442-08-T-5101/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>23511
<POPADDRESS>NORFOLK, VA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<ZIP>23451
<CLASSCOD>20
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Military Sealift Command, MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2, BUILDING 238-2 CAMP PENDLETON, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA, 23451, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>20 -- REPLACE WATERTIGHT DOORS
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-5104
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12252007
<CONTACT>Patricia Lathan, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-417-4599, Fax 757-417-4606, Email patricia.lathan@navy.mil - Patricia Lathan, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-417-4599, Fax 757-417-4606, Email patricia.lathan@navy.mil
<DESC>Department of the Navy, Military Sealift Command intends to solicit and negotiate a firm fixed price  purchase order for  the procurement and installation of watertight sideport pilot access doors onboard the USNS Lewis & Clark.  NAICS 541330 applies.  The solicitation can be located at  http://procurement.msc.navy.mil/procurement/contract/Welcome.jsp .The Small Business Competitiveness Demonstration Program is not applicable.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/MSC/MSFSCVIRGINIABEACH2382/N40442-08-T-5104/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>23511
<POPADDRESS>NORFOLK, VA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NSWC Carderock Division
<ZIP>20817-5700
<CLASSCOD>20
<OFFADD>N65540  Naval Surface Warfare Center  Naval Business Center, Naval Base  Philadelphia, PA
<SUBJECT>20--Lube Oil Filter Housing Assemblies
<SOLNBR>N6554008R0009
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Matthew Dreby (215) 897-8434
<DESC>The Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division, intends to issue a solicitation for a 5-year, firm-fixed-price, Requirements type contract for an estimated quantity of 61 each, Ship Service Diesel Generator (SSDG) Lube Oil Filter Housing Assemblies, 450 GPM.  First Articles, Technical Manuals, and Provisioning Data will also be procured.  The SSDG Lube Oil Filter Housing Assembly is required to contain at least 15 cartridge filter elements meeting the requirements of Fed Spec FF-351F, Type 4, Class 4.  The filter housing assembly is sized to support a single Fairbanks Morse OP type ships service diesel engine installed aboard a US Naval Ship with a design lube oil flow rate of 450 GPM.  Offerors will be required to submit technical and price proposals.  Each proposal will be technically evaluated on how it addresses the specifications, test requirements/methods, delivery requirements, and experience elements as further outlined in the solicitation.  This will be !  an unrestricted solicitation and award will be made to the contractor whose technically acceptable proposal is the lowest priced.  NAICS Code 333999.  The solicitation was released at http://www.neco.navy.mil on 23 October 2007.  However, due to an administrative error, the solicitation was never transferred to the Federal Business Opportunities Page located at http://www.fedbizopps.gov.  The solicitation is expected to be released to the Federal Busininess Opportunities Page on or about 04 December 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/N00167/N6554008R0009/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>matthew.dreby@navy.mil
<DESC>matthew.dreby@navy.mil
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NUWC Division Newport
<ZIP>02841-1708
<CLASSCOD>93
<NAICS>325212
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Sea Systems Command, NUWC Division Newport, Simonpietri Drive, Newport, RI, 02841-1708, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>93 -- Separator Assembly
<SOLNBR>N66604-08-Q-0875
<RESPDATE>121807
<CONTACT>Stephanie Smyth, Contract Negotiator, Phone 401-832-8227, Fax 401-841-4820, Email smythsa@npt.nuwc.navy.mil - Lori Rosario, Contract Negotiator, Phone 401-832-1487, Fax 401-832-4820, Email rosariola@npt.nuwc.navy.mil
<DESC>This synopsis is being posted to both the Federal Business Opportunities(FBO) page located at http://www.fbo.gov and the Navy Electronic Commerce on Line(NECO) site located at https://www.neco.navy.mil.  While it is understood that FBO is the single point of entry for posting of synopsis and solicitations to the internet, NECO is the alternative in case FBO is unavailable.  Please feel free to use either site to access information posted by the Navy Sea Systems Command.
This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Request For Quotation (RFQ) number is N66604-08-Q-0875. NUWC Division Newport intends to purchase the following item: 
CLIN 0001 Qty. 6 Separator Assembly P/N 5944485 per drawing
CLIN 0002 Qty. 269 Separator Assembly P/N 5944485 per drawing
The drawings will not be posted on our website due to the restricted distribution statements.  In order to receive a copy of the drawings, firms must be certified under the Joint Certification Program (JCP) managed for Defense Logistics Information Service, Battle Creek, MI as evidenced by a JCP Certification in the Business Identification Number Cross reference system (BINCS).  Send an email request for drawings to Stephanie Smyth at smythsa@npt.nuwc.navy.mil citing RFQ     N66604-08-Q-0875, include your company name, address, JCP and Cage Code Numbers, telephone number and point of contact.       CD-ROMs will be sent once JCP registration is confirmed.  F.O.B. Destination Naval Station Newport; Newport, RI. This is 100%   set-aside for small business.  Size standard is 1,000. Offers must be submitted to Commercial Acquisition Department, Building 11, Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Newport, Code 11912, Simonpietri Drive, Newport, Rhode Island 02841-1708 or may be faxed to 401-832-4820. Offers received after 12/18/2007 will not be considered for award.  For information on this acquisition contact Stephanie Smyth at 401-832-8227.  For further information about all NUWC Division Newport acquisitions visit our web site at http://www.npt.nuwc.navy.mil/contract/.   Our department no longer issues solicitations or amendments in paper form.  Instead, they may be accessed at our web site 
http://www.npt.nuwc.navy.mil/contract/.  We also provide electronic access in our Bid Room.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/N66604/N66604-08-Q-0875/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1015
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst
<ZIP>08733-5083
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>334519
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Air Systems Command, Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst, Contracts Department Hwy. 547    Attn:B562-3C, Lakehurst, NJ, 08733-5083, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- Differential Angle Protractor (DAP)
<SOLNBR>N68335-08-R-0014
<RESPDATE>103107
<CONTACT>George  Borowski, Contract Specialist, Phone (732) 323-1074, Email george.borowski@navy.mil - Keith Davis, Contract Specialist, Phone 732-323-2243, Fax 732-323-4069, Email keith.davis@navy.mil
<DESC>THIS IS A PRESOLICITATION NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS (RFP).

The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst (NAWCADLKE) intends to procure on a competitive basis, 100% set aside to Small Business (SB), one (1) Pre-Production Differential Angle Protractor (DAP) unit, one hundred (100) Production Differential Angle Protractor units and four one-year option periods for up to an additional one hundred and sixty (160) Differential Angle Protractor units and Integrated Logistic Support Data.     The Differential Angle Protractor unit is used to measure Main Rotor Blade angles during Flight Control Rigging Check at sea.     Movement of the aircraft while at sea precludes the use of a conventional protractor to obtain the measurements accurately.     The Differential Angle Protractor is Peculiar Support Equipment for the MH-60 aircraft.       

NAWCADLKE intends to award a firm fixed price contract via using source selection procurement procedures.  The award will be determined based on the best value to the Government considering price and non-price factors, which are capable of meeting the requirements listed in the anticipated release of solicitation number N68335-08-R-0014.  The solicitation is set to be released on or about 31-October-2007 via posting to the public NAVAIR homepage located at http://www.navair.navy.mil.  To find the solicitation you must select 'Doing Business with Us' and then 'Open Solicitations' or call the help desk at (301) 343-4686 if you are in need of further assistance.   Look for any amendments updates to be post on the same NAVAIR web page. Hard copies of the solicitation and any amendments will NOT be mailed to contractors. It is the contractors responsibility to check the NAVAIR website for solicitation and amendments released.  If the requirement is canceled all proposal preparation costs will be borne by the offeror. 

The point of contact is:     Mr. George Borowski, phone (732) 323-1074, facsimile: (732) 323- 2359, email: George.Borowski@navy.mil or Mr. Keith Davis, phone (732) 323-2243, facsimile (732) 323- 4822 or e-mail: Keith.Davis@navy.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVAIR/N68335/N68335-08-R-0014/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Glenn Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>44135
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>339991
<OFFADD>NASA/Glenn Research Center, 21000 Brookpark Road, Cleveland, OH 44135
<SUBJECT>A--LOW IMPACT DOCKING SYSTEM MAIN INTERFACE SEAL
<SOLNBR>NNC08ZRX009R
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Kurt R. Brocone, Contract Specialist, Phone 216-433-2884, Fax 216-433-2480, Email Kurt.R.Brocone@grc.nasa.gov
<DESC>NASA Glenn Research Center (GRC) has a requirement for large diameter (52?to 60?) Gask-O-Seal type seal assemblies.  The elastomer compound used in the seal assembly is a proprietary compound manufactured by Parker Hannifin, and the compound has been extensively tested for more than two years including exposures to atomic oxygen (AO), ultraviolet (UV) radiation, and micrometeoroid and orbital debris (MMOD) impacts as well as other properties evaluations.  The seal design is based on Parker?s proprietary Gask-O-Seal design.  The design is an improved version of the current flight seal used on the International Space Station which was manufactured and supplied by Parker Hannifin.   The effort requires the development of multiple copies of a first generation (GEN 1) seal design for the LIDS EDU 58.  Two (2) options will include design evolutions for the full-scale Gask-O-Seals.  Option 1 is a seal design with a refined cross-section resulting from testing of the baseline design (GEN 1).	Option 2 is a seal design with a refined cross-section resulting from testing of the baseline design (GEN 1) and option 1 design. NASA/GRC intends to purchase the LIDS seal assemblies from Parker Hannifin, San Diego, CA.  Parker Hannifins design is proprietary and cannot not be divulged to any other source.      The Government does not intend to acquire a commercial item using FAR Part 12.	See Note 26. Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the effort in writing to the identified point of contact not later than 4:30 p.m. local time on December 19,2007.  Such capabilities/qualifications will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct this procurement on a competitive basis.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed effort on a full and open competition basis, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the government. Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall be considered by the agency. An Ombudsman has been appointed.  See NASA Specific Note "B". Any referenced notes may be viewed at the following URLs linked below.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/GRC/OPDC20220/NNC08ZRX009R/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Kurt.R.Brocone@grc.nasa.gov
<DESC>Kurt R. Brocone </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Johnson Space Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>77058-3696
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>333912
<OFFADD>NASA/Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, Houston Texas, 77058-3696, Mail Code: BH
<SUBJECT>66--ARC-JET STAGE 3 STEAM EJECTOR
<SOLNBR>NNJ08228989R
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Ronald  Johnson, Contracting Officer, Phone 281-483-4164, Fax 281-483-4066, Email ronald.johnson-1@nasa.gov
<DESC>NASA/JSC has a requirement for the acquisition of the Arc-Jet Stage 3 Steam Ejector.   NASA/JSC intends to purchase the items from Unique Systems Inc. The JSC ARMSEF ejector system is a custom built system that was tailored to operate with a specific steam motive force (pressure, temperature, & saturation) to produce specifically desired vacuum/load characteristics for entry simulation testing.	The design of this ejector system requires precise engineering and fabrication, since these systems operate on narrow cusps of  aerodynamic design points.	Because the proper operation of each section of the ejector system is dependent on the matching performance of the other sections, replacement of a single critical component or a complete section of the system with parts based on an alternate design would very likely render the system unserviceable.	This error would not be discovered until it is needed to support testing, resulting in unacceptable customer schedule impacts and costly recovery efforts.  When replacement of the entire system is needed, replacement with an exact duplicate avoids the time and costs of tearing down and installing a new support structure and generation of a new set of facility configuration drawings.  In summary, the lowest risks for impacting customer schedules and generating unexpected costs can be achieved by replacing individual components, sections, or the entire system with an exact duplicates manufactured by Unique Systems. With less than one year of remaining life with the current stage 3 ejector, there is not sufficient time to engineer a new design for the this ejector system.  The Government intends to acquire a commercial item using FAR Part 12. Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the effort in writing to the identified point of contact not later than 12:00 p.m. local time on December 14, 2007. Such capabilities/qualifications will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct this procurement on a competitive basis.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed effort on a full and open competition basis, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the government. Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall be considered by the agency. An Ombudsman has been appointed.  See NASA Specific Note "B". Any referenced notes may be viewed at the following URLs linked below.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/JSC/OPDC20220/NNJ08228989R/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>ronald.johnson-1@nasa.gov
<DESC>Ronald  Johnson </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Kennedy Space Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>32899
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>511210
<OFFADD>NASA/John F. Kennedy Space Center, Procurement, Kennedy Space Center, FL 32899
<SUBJECT>D--LUNAR DUST SOFTWARE MODELING
<SOLNBR>NNK08DUSTMODEL
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Jessica  Paglialonga, Contract Specialist, Phone 321-867-2926, Fax 321-867-2825, Email jessica.r.paglialonga@nasa.gov - Krista Y Jensen, Contracting Officer, Phone 321-867-3077, Fax 321-867-1029, Email Krista.Jensen-1@KSC.NASA.GOV
<DESC>NASA/KSC has a requirement for the integration of electrodynamic and advanced mechanical force algorithms into an existing Discrete Element Modeling (DEM) software.  This software will be used for simulations of the mechanical and electrodynamic interactions of granular matter in devices and processes. NASA/KSC intends to procure this requirement on a sole source basis from DEM Solutions, Inc.  Per the authority of FAR 6.302-1 the services are available from only one responsible source and no other type of services will satisfy the agency requirements.  The Government does not intend to acquire a commercial item using FAR Part 12.	See Note 26. Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the effort in writing to Jessica Paglialonga, jessica.r.paglialonga@nasa.gov, not later than 4:30 p.m. local time on Wednesday, December 19, 2007.  Such capabilities/qualifications will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct this procurement on a competitive basis.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed effort on a full and open competition basis, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the government. Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall be considered by the agency. An Ombudsman has been appointed.  See NASA Specific Note "B". Any referenced notes may be viewed at the following URLs linked below.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/KSC/OPDC20220/NNK08DUSTMODEL/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>jessica.r.paglialonga@nasa.gov
<DESC>Jessica  Paglialonga </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
<OFFICE>Chief Management Officer
<LOCATION>Procurement Department, Suite 1090
<ZIP>20005-4026
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541211
<OFFADD>Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, Chief Management Officer, Procurement Department, Suite 1090, 1200 K Street, N.W., Washington, DC, 20005-4026, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Pension Plan Audit Services
<SOLNBR>PBGC01-RP-08-0003
<ARCHDATE>03012008
<CONTACT>Michele Gray, Contracting Officer, Phone (202) 326-4160 x3700, Fax (202) 326-4162, Email gray.michele@pbgc.gov - Michele Gray, Contracting Officer, Phone (202) 326-4160 x3700, Fax (202) 326-4162, Email gray.michele@pbgc.gov
<DESC>The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) has a need for highly qualified audit and accounting professionals having defined benefit plan expertise to the PBGC using performance-based acquisition (PBA) approaches and concepts.  The objective of this requirement is to expand the PBGC's capacity to perform plan audits, account for ongoing expenditures and develop quality audit reports that will assist BAPD in performing its mission.  The PBGC requires that the work performed under this contract 
include auditing techniques that include performing risk assessments and the evaluation of existing internal controls.  As a result of these assessments, audit programs should be adjusted to reflect the scope, timing,  nature and extent of audit work to be performed.  The contractor staff, should also possess skills in manipulating and analyzing large amounts of data associated with the participant data audit. All audit deliverables are to be reviewed by a person having a valid license as a Certified Public 
Accountant (CPA).   This acquisition directly supports the mission and goals of PBGC by providing the highest caliber professional auditing services support.  The specific 
activities include: 1) Program Management Support, 2) Audits of Terminated Defined Benefit Pension Plans, 3) Standard Termination Compliance Audits, 4) Ad hoc project support to Retiree Services Division.  The period of performance will include a base year 
with four (4) one year option periods to be exercised at the discretion of PBGC. Thirty percent of the effort must be performed by small business concerns (Subcontract).  The solicitation is not currently available, but is estimated to be available on or about December 19, 2007. The solicitation document, including any amendments, will be distributed through the FedBizOpps.gov web site. The site contains downloading instructions. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring the site to ensure that they
have the most up-to-date information about this acquisition. Paper copies of the solicitation and associated amendments will not be made available.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/PBGC/CMO/PD/PBGC01-RP-08-0003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20005
<POPADDRESS>Washington, DC
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Clothing & Textiles
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>84
<NAICS>315211
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Clothing & Textiles, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia, PA, 19111-5096, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>84 -- Helmet, Flyer?s, Winter
<SOLNBR>PGC_00582
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Melissa Fisher, Contract Specialist, Phone 215-737-7135, Fax 215-737-5624, Email Melissa.Fisher@DLA.mil - Christine Hertkorn, Contract Specialist, Phone 215-737-7018, Fax 215-737-5624, Email Christine.Hertkorn@dla.mil
<DESC>Item: Helmet, Flyer?s, Winter
NSN?s: 8415-00-269-0486(s)
Specification: MIL-DTL-83776B dated 19-MAR-2001, Drawings 51D24313 REV M HELMET, AIRCREW, SAGE GREEN, NYLON, WINTER, TYPE B-9B, 10/18/1993 AND 51D24314 REV C PATTERNS, HEAVY, AIR CREW HELMET ALL SIZES, 6/21/66
Description: 
This will be an unrestricted acquisition resulting in a definite delivery type contract with a quantity of 12,560 each.  Production lead-time shall be 120 days after date of award.  Evaluation factors for award are as follows: 1. Product Demonstration Model (PDM) 2. Experience/Past Performance If a pattern/specification is needed, a request should be placed via DSCP C&T electronic spec/pattern ordering system.  DSCP has developed a web-based system that allows manufacturers the ability to request specification, patterns and drawings on our contracting page: https://ctportal.dscp.dla.mil/pls/portal/CUSTOM_DSCP_APP.CTSREQ_DYN_PATTERN.show  Do not contract the Acquisition Specialist to request specifications or patterns.

Availability of solicitations, FAR 5.102(d) applies, as our office no longer issues solicitations or amendments in paper form.

Solicitation will be posted on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/  Detailed system requirements and instructions for registration can be found on the DLA DIBBS Home Page accessed on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/.  A few highlights of the information that will be found include: 1. On the DLA Internet Bulletin Board System (DIBBS) Home Page, click the VENDOR REGISTRATION link to begin the registration process.  2. In order to register for access to secure portions of DLA DIBBS, the company you are representing must already be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) system.  3. A Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code registration will be processed immediately.  A User ID will appear on the registration screen and a password will be sent separately to the email address of the Super User.  If a CAGE is already registered on DLA DIBBS, the name and email address of the Super User will be provided.  The Super User should be contacted to set-up additional accounts, logons and passwords for their CAGE.  DIBBS Super User  * If your CAGE has already been registered on DIBBS, the name and email address of the person designated as your super user will be provided. * The representative who starts the DIBBS registration process has the option to accept their CCR registration POC as the DIBBS super user, or they can designate themselves or another person to act as the super user for the CAGE. * The super user acts as the account administrator for a CAGE. They can add up to ninety-eight (98) additional users, provide user IDs and passwords, modify existing users, and control the login status of each user for their CAGEs through My Account (Account Maintenance).

The Defense appropriations and authorization acts and other statutes (including what is commonly referred to as ?The Berry Amendment?) impose restrictions on the DoD?s acquisition of foreign products and services.  Generally, Clothing and Textile items (as defined in DFARS clause 252.225-7012) and ?specialty metals? (as defined in DFARS clause 252.225-7014), including the materials and components thereof (other than sensors, electronics, or other items added to, and not normally associated with clothing), must be grown, reprocessed, reused, melted or produced in the United States, its possessions or Puerto Rico, unless one of the DFARS 225.7002-2 exceptions applies.


DSCP has developed a web-based system that allows manufacturers the ability to request specifications, patterns and drawings on our contracting page. To request technical data for DSCP Clothing and Textiles (DSCP C&T) solicitations, use the following link to the DSCP C&T Technical Data Repository area at 
https://ctportal.dscp.dla.mil/pls/portal/CUSTOM_DSCP_APP.CTSREQ_DYN_PATTERN.show
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-C/PGC_00582/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<ZIP>20460
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541620
<OFFADD>Bid and Proposal Room, Ariel Rios Building (3802R) 1200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. Washington, DC 20460
<SUBJECT>R--Technical and Program Management Support Services for the Office of Compliance
<SOLNBR>PR-HQ-07-13215
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01182008
<CONTACT>CARA E. LYNCH, Contract Specialist, Phone: 202-564-4734, E-Mail: lynch.cara@epa.gov
<DESC>NAICS Code:  541620 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance, Office of Compliance anticipates awarding two cost-plus-fixed-fee contracts with a two-year base period, one two-year option period and one one-year option period.  This procurement will be conducted as a full and open competition under the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Part 15: Contracting by Negotiation.  One contract will be awarded to a small business and the other contract will be awarded to a large business.    The formal solicitation and other information and items will be posted at this website on or about December 14, 2007.  The total labor hours estimated for this procurement is approximately 157,400 hours, and will be split evenly between both contracts.  All responsible offerors may submit a proposal. Copies of the solicitation will be available on this site. Paper copies of the solicitation will not be provided.  It is the responsibility of interested parties to regularly monitor EPA's website for updates to this procurement. Telephone inquiries will not be taken. The purpose of this procurement is to provide support for the Office of Compliance in all facets of its responsibility for managing and coordinating EPA?s national compliance enforcement program.  The contract will support enforcement and compliance training development and delivery, including training related to implementing enforcement and compliance data systems.  The contract will support management of enforcement targeting and analysis data, provide program management support studies and analyses, compliance monitoring activities, compliance assistance activities, sampling and sample analyses and outreach tasks. The requirement is broken into 7 task areas: (1) Trainings/Meetings/Workshops; (2) Data Management; (3) Targeting and Data Analysis; (4) Compliance Monitoring Support; (5) Compliance Assurance; (6) Outreach; (7) Planning, Measurement, Program Management and Analysis Support.  Offerors will be requested to address ALL task areas in their proposal as well as a sample Work Assignment to be provided with the formal solicitation.   The point of contact for this procurement is Cara Lynch, she can be reached at lynch.cara@epa.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/EPA/OAM/HQ/PR-HQ-07-13215/listing.html
<DESC>The Environmental Protection Agency
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>lynch.cara@epa.gov
<DESC>CARA E. LYNCH
<SETASIDE>Partial Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Agency for International Development
<OFFICE>Overseas Missions
<LOCATION>Benin USAID-Cotonou
<ZIP>20521-2120
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541611
<OFFADD>Agency for International Development, Overseas Missions, Benin USAID-Cotonou, Dept. of State 2012 Cotonou Place, Washington, DC, 20521-2120, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Solicitation for personal services contract
<SOLNBR>PSC-680-08-001
<RESPDATE>123007
<ARCHDATE>01142008
<CONTACT>Cosmas Apedo, Acquisition & Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-30-05-00 x2112, Fax 229-30-12-60, Email capedo@usaid.gov - Aissatou Kane, Senior Acquisition and Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-21-35-05-00, Fax 229-21-30-12-60, Email akane@usaid.gov
<DESC>The United States Government, represented by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) Benin is seeking applications (Optional Form 612 or Standard Form 171) from qualified U.S. Citizens, U.S. Resident Aliens, or Third Country Nationals (TCNs), interested in providing the services described in the solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/AID/OM/BEN/PSC-680-08-001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>BENIN
<POPADDRESS>Benin
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Agency for International Development
<OFFICE>Overseas Missions
<LOCATION>Benin USAID-Cotonou
<ZIP>20521-2120
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>926110
<OFFADD>Agency for International Development, Overseas Missions, Benin USAID-Cotonou, Dept. of State 2012 Cotonou Place, Washington, DC, 20521-2120, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Solicitation for personal services contract
<SOLNBR>PSC-680-08-003
<RESPDATE>123007
<ARCHDATE>01142008
<CONTACT>Cosmas Apedo, Acquisition & Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-30-05-00 x2112, Fax 229-30-12-60, Email capedo@usaid.gov - Aissatou Kane, Senior Acquisition and Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-21-35-05-00, Fax 229-21-30-12-60, Email akane@usaid.gov
<DESC>The United States Government, represented by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) Benin is seeking applications (Optional Form 612 or Standard Form 171) from qualified, U.S.Citizen Resident Aliens or Cooperating Country Nationals (CCNs), interested in providing the services described in the solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/AID/OM/BEN/PSC-680-08-003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>BENIN
<POPADDRESS>Benin
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0908
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>Acquisitions Branch
<ZIP>20534
<CLASSCOD>G
<NAICS>623990
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons, Acquisitions Branch, 320 First Street, NW, Washington, DC, 20534
<SUBJECT>G -- RFP 200-0940-NE, Residential Reentry Services, Scranton, Pennsylvania
<SOLNBR>RFP200-0940-NE
<RESPDATE>100606
<CONTACT>Ralawna Cobb, Contract Specialist, Phone 202-305-8679, Fax 202-307-2780, Email rjcobb@bop.gov
<DESC>The Federal Bureau of Prisons is seeking concerns having the ability for providing Residential Reentry Center (RRC) services for male and female Federal offenders within the city limits of Scranton, Pennsylvania area. Residential services include care, custody, control, accountability, and treatment, including subsistence. The services described shall be in accordance with the Federal Bureau of Prisons' Statement of Work entitled, Residential Reentry Center, dated August 2000, amended through July 2006. This is a firm-fixed unit price requirements type contract. The services are estimated to be 86% male and 14% female. The estimated number of inmate days is 13,889 (males) and 2,193 (females) for the initial two-year base period; 6,935 (males) and 1,095 (females) for option year one; 6,935 (males) and 1,095 (females) for option year two; and 6,954 (males) and 1,098 (females) for option year three, respectively. The solicitation will be available on or after October 8, 2006, and will be distributed solely through the General Services Administration's Federal Business Opportunities web site http://www.fedbizopps.gov/. Hard copies of the solicitation document will not be available. The site provides downloading instructions. All future information about this acquisition, including solicitation amendments, will also be distributed solely through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure that they have the most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The estimated closing date of RFP 200-0940-NE will be on or about December 7, 2006.  All responsible sources may submit a proposal which will be considered by this agency. Faith-Based and Community-Based organizations can submit offers/bids/quotations equally with other organizations for contracts for which they are eligible.  No collect calls will be accepted. No telephone requests or written requests for the solicitation will be accepted.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/PPB/RFP200-0940-NE/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP)
<LOCATION>Office of Acquisition
<ZIP>20228
<CLASSCOD>36
<NAICS>333293
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP), Office of Acquisition, 14th & C Streets, S.W., Washington, DC, 20228, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>36 -- 36 - Special Industry Machinery Lab Quality Measuring Device
<SOLNBR>RFQ-08-0060
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12122007
<CONTACT>David Mork, Contract Specialist, Phone (202) 874-9177, Fax (202) 874-2200, Email david.mork@bep.treas.gov - Donald Baron, Contract Specialist, Phone (202)874-3143, Fax (202)874-2200, Email Donald.Baron@bep.treas.gov
<DESC>The Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP) intends to negotiate a Sole Source purchase order with KBA-Giori, SA.  Award will be made on a sole source basis to provide the following: Item 1. One (1) LAB Quality Measuring Device, Model QC-2004. Delivery shall be provided to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing?s (BEP?s) Fort Worth, Texas facility. This is only a notice of intent, not a notice to request.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TREAS/BEP/OPDC20220/RFQ-08-0060/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>76131-3304
<POPADDRESS>Bureau of Engraving and Printing
9000 Blue Mound Road
Fort Worth, TX
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>USP Big Sandy
<ZIP>41224
<CLASSCOD>89
<NAICS>424410
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons, USP Big Sandy, 1197 Airport Rd. P.O. Box 2067, Inez, KY, 41224, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>89 -- FCI Ashland, KY - Quarterly Subsistence
<SOLNBR>RFQ-10202-002-8
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>01052008
<CONTACT>Charles Preece, Contracting Officer, Phone 606-433-2400, Fax 606-433-2592, Email cpreece@bop.gov - James Clark, IMS, Phone 606-433-2400  EXT 1244, Fax 606-433-2592, Email jbclark@bop.gov
<DESC>The Federal Bureau of Prisons, United States Penitentiary, Big Sandy, Kentucky, is issuing this solicitation for the requirements of: QUARTERLY SUBSISTENCE to be deliverd to the Federal Correctional Institution in Ashland, Kentucky. This solicitation is a 100% Small Business set-aside. The NAICS code for this solicitation is 424410. Delivery dates will begin in JANUARY, 2008 (exact dates shown within the solicitation). Deliveries will be made to the Federal Correctional Institution, State Route 716, Ashland, KY 41101. The Government reserves the right to make single or multiple awards based on best value. The Government will award to the responsible quoter(s) whose quote, conforming to the solicitation, is most advantageous to the Government based on best value. Best value will be determined by evaluating each quotation for one or more of the following: price, past performance, quality, comparison with other offers, and administrative cost. The solicitation will be made available on or about DECEMBER 4, 2007, and will be posted to the General Services Administrations Federal Business Opportunities website: http://www.fbo.gov. All future information about this acquisition, including solicitation amendments, will also be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to insure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation. The anticipated date for receipt of quotes is DECEMBER 21, 2007; however, this is a projected estimate and quoters should refer to Page 1 of the solicitation (Block #8) for the actual date quotations are due. The point of contact for all information regarding this solicitation is Paul Preece, Contract Specialist, at the address listed above and telephone number listed below. Completed offers may be faxed to the attention of Paul Preece, at (606) 433.2400, mailed to the address above or e-mailed to cpreece@bop.gov. The anticipated award date is DECEMBER 28, 2007. The only format in which questions will be answered is by e-mail or facsimile (no phone calls please). Faith Based and Community Based Organizations have the right to submit offers/bids equally with other organizations for contracts for which they are eligible.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/11804/RFQ-10202-002-8/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>41101
<POPADDRESS>State Route 716
Ashland, KY
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Trade and Development Agency
<OFFICE>USTDA Contracts Office
<LOCATION>USTDA
<ZIP>22209-3901
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541611
<OFFADD>United States Trade and Development Agency, USTDA Contracts Office, USTDA, 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1600, Arlington, VA, 22209-3901, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Definitional Mission: Chile for Aerospace Systems, Facilities,and Safety and Security Improvements
<SOLNBR>RFQ-CO2008510002
<RESPDATE>122007
<CONTACT>Tyrone Johnson, Administrative Assistant, Phone 703-875-4357, Fax 703-875-4009, Email tjohnson@ustda.gov - Richard Sallee, Contracting Officer, Phone 703-875-4357, Fax 703-875-4009, Email rsallee@ustda.gov
<DESC>SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION: Solicitation Number RFQ-CO2008510002, Definitional Mission for Aerospace Systems, Facilities, and Safety and Security Improvements in Chile is being issued as a RFQ. 

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  

Two copies of your offer are due no later than 12:00 p.m., Eastern Time on December 20, 2007 to Contracting Office, U. S. Trade and Development Agency, 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1600, Arlington, VA 22209-3901. This procurement is a small business set aside with a small business size standard of less than $6M annual sales under NAICS code 541611. Award is limited to U. S. firms or U. S. individuals. Contractor and U. S. subcontractor employees used shall be either U. S. citizens or non-U. S. citizens lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States.  Contractor use of subcontractors is limited to less than fifty percent of the proposed price.  International transportation and insurance must have their nationality, source and origin in the U. S. Local lodging, food and transportation in the host country are not subject to this restriction.

The Government's estimate for this procurement does not exceed $35,000. The Government contemplates award of a firm fixed price contract. Proposals submitted by email or by facsimile will not be accepted.  All contractors must be registered in Central Contractor Registration (www.ccr.gov) in order to receive a contract award.  For additional information regarding this solicitation, email contract@ustda.gov, telephone calls will not be accepted.  

SERVICES AND PRICES: Line Item 1 is a Planned Itinerary, Purchase of Tickets and Required Insurance Declarations (not-to-exceed 30% of the proposed contract price). Line Item  2 is the Final Report . 

DESCRIPTION/SPECIFICATIONS/STATEMENT OF WORK:  Please see the FEDBIZOPS attachment to this solicitation. Vendors are reminded that failing to be properly enrolled in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) System, On-Line Representation and Certification (ORCA) System, providing accurate Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS)/Tax Identification Number (TIN) information shall be excluded from award.

INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE.  Country Manager Gabrielle Mandel has been designated as the Contracting Officer's Technical Representative (COTR) for this requirement.  All services are subject to the COTR's final approval.  All work will be inspected and accepted at USTDA's Office, Arlington, VA.  

DELIVERIES OR PERFORMANCE: The performance of this contract shall start immediately after the effective date of award.  The Contractor shall submit all deliverables under this Contract to the Contracting Officer's Technical Representative (COTR) on or about February 28, 2008.  The Period of Performance for this Contract shall be one year from the date of the Contracting Officer's signature on the Contract.  Performance of this contract shall be at USTDA's Office, Arlington, VA, at other locations in the U.S., and/or the designated host country.

SPECIAL CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS: This solicitation includes the following additional contract requirements and terms and conditions-

CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS AND KEY PERSONNEL. The contractor shall provide the key personnel listed in its proposal to perform the work. Changes in key personnel may only be made with the Contracting Officer's prior written approval.

CONTRACTOR FOLLOW-ON (INELIGIBILITY). The Contractor and its subcontractors shall be ineligible to compete for, as a prime or subcontractor or otherwise, USTDA funded activities that result from this contract. USTDA reserves the right to grant a waiver, based upon FAR 9.503, if preclusion of the contractor or its subcontractors from the follow-on activity would not be in the Government's interest. This restriction shall remain in effect for three years from the completion of this contract. The contractor agrees to include this provision in all subcontracts to this contract. Contractor Insurance. 

DEFENSE BASE ACT INSURANCE.  Prior to departure to the host country, the contractor shall obtain Defense Base Act and Medical Evacuation insurance. Proof of such insurance shall be submitted with the initial invoice. Pursuant to FAR 52.228-3, the contractor is required to have DBA coverage for its employees performing work overseas. The contractor agrees to procure the insurance pursuant to the terms of the Contract between the USAID and USAID's insurance carrier unless the contractor has a DBE self-insurance program approved by the Department of Labor or has an approved retrospective rating agreement for DBA. This insurance is currently required to be place in accordance with USAID Contract HNE-Q-00-98-00106-00 with Fidelity and Casualty of New York through its agent: Rutherfoord International, 5500 Cherokee Avenue, Suite 300, Alexandria, VA 22132, phone (703) 813-6506; facsimile (703) 354-0370; email to dproctor@rutherfoord.com. The current rate is $2.15 per $100 of employee salary during the time spent out of the country. The contractor agrees to insert the defense base act insurance requirements in all subcontracts under this contract.

MEDICAL EVACUATION INSURANCE.  In addition, all Contractor personnel working outside the United States shall have medical evacuation insurance for the days spent outside the U. S. This insurance shall be obtained from Medex Assistance Corporation (MEDEX).  Applications for coverage may be requested by writing to MEDEX, P. O. Box 19056, Baltimore, MD 21284; by calling (800) 537-2029, by facsimile (410) 308-7905, or by email to operations@medexassist.com. The contractor agrees to insert the defense base and medical evacuation insurance requirements in all subcontracts under the contract. 

CONTRACT CLAUSES: The Solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through FAC 2005-16. The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items (available at www.arnet.gov), applies to this acquisition. The following additional clauses are included: FAR 52.228-3, Workman's Compensation Insurance (Defense Base Act); and FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Central Contractor Registration. The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, and the following additional clauses are included: FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting; FAR 52.222-1, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities; FAR 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity; FAR 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and other Eligible Veterans; FAR 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities; and FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and other Eligible Veterans.

INSTRUCTIONS/CONDITIONS AND NOTICES TO OFFERORS OR RESPONDENTS:  The Provision at Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial (available at www.ustda.gov under DM Solicitation forms), applies to this acquisition with the following addition: 

The contractor shall submit a Technical Proposal, not exceeding 25 pages, that documents their Technical/Financial Expertise and Definitional Mission Strategy/Approach (as outlined below in the evaluation factors for award), resumes for proposed key employees (not included in 25 page count), and reference information for at least one but not more than three clients for similar work in the last three years (not included in 25 page count). 

In addition, the contractor shall provide a separate Business/Cost proposal that contains the information in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.212-1(b) (available at www.ustda.gov); a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items (available at www.ustda.gov); completed Contractor Employee Biographical Data Sheets for proposed key personnel (available at www.ustda.gov), and a completed Contractor Price Quotation Breakdown (available at www.ustda.gov). A signed SF 33 is no longer required to be submitted with your proposal.  

EVALUATION FACTORS FOR AWARD: FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation, Commercial Items (available at www.acquisition.gov under FAR), is being used. The following factors, in descending order of importance, will be used to evaluate all offers. All evaluation factors, other than cost or price, when combined, are significantly more important that cost or price. 

(1)	Relevant technical experience and skills/capabilities in the sector, and knowledge of the country, region, and/or project; 
(2)	Experience with relevant financing mechanism(s);
(3)	Approach to work and proposed performance milestones based upon an understanding of USTDA's program objectives;
(3)	[equal weight] Discussion of potential project or sector-related issues, risks, or problem areas that may need to be identified, analyzed, investigated, or resolved;
(5)	Past Performance (Quality and Timeliness);
(6)	Relevant experience in identification, evaluation, and business development of international projects (including preparation of budgets and terms of reference for technical assistance and feasibility studies); 
(7)	Discussion and strategy for evaluating U.S. export potential and competitiveness;
(7)	[equal weight] Discussion and strategy for evaluating economic and financial viability of the project; 
(9)	Knowledge of industry and relevant sector contacts;
(9)	[equal weight] Quality, succinctness, and presentation of proposal, and;
(11)	Relevant foreign language skills.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TDA/TDACO/TDACO/RFQ-CO2008510002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>22209-3901
<POPADDRESS>Headquarters: U.S. Trade and Development Agency, 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1600 Arlington, Virginia  22209-3901
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>RTP Procurement Operations Division, E105-02
<ZIP>27703
<CLASSCOD>66
<OFFADD>Environmental Protection Agency, Ord Service Center/Nerl, Rtp Procurement Operations Division, Research Triangle Park, NC 27711
<SUBJECT>66--Environmental Air Sampler Systems
<SOLNBR>RFQ-RT-08-00035
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Point of Contact, Barbara Mattison, Purchasing Agent, Phone (919) 541-2924
<DESC>NAICS Code: 334513   The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) intends to negotiate a sole source purchase order under Simplified Acquisition Procedures to Thermo Fisher Scientific Incorporated (Rupprecht & Pataschnick Air Quality Instrumentation) located at 26 Tech Valley Dr, East Greenbush, NY 12061-4135, for the acquisition of two EPA-designated PM10 and two EPA-designated PM2.5 Federal Reference Method (FRM) Environmental Air Sampler Systems for 120VAC operations.  The FRM air sampler systems are proprietary to Thermo.   Thermo is the only known source for these  EPA-designated FRM air sampler systems; and, therefore, is the only vendor that can satisfy the requirement.  In order to ensure timely and correct task completion, the circumstance permitting is FAR 13.106(b) (1) "only one source reasonably available".  The intent of this notice is to determine if  any other source(s) exist; and, therefore, no solicitation (RFQ) is available. Consequently, any response failing to demonstrate the contractor's ability to provide these EPA-designated FRM air sampler systems and instead choosing merely to submit a routine letter requesting a copy of the RFQ will  be ignored. The information received in response to this notice will be considered solely for determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.  Interested parties may submit written qualification statements, fully explaining their capability, no later than 10 days after the date of this  publication. Submit your response to:  the U.S. EPA, Attn:  Barbara L. Mattison (MC-E105-02), 109 T.W. Alexander Drive, RTP Procurement Operations Division, Research Triangle Park, Durham NC 27711; by fax to (919)541-4273; or, by e-mail:  mattison.barbara@epa.gov.  No telephone or faxed requests  will be honored.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/EPA/OAM/CMD/RFQ-RT-08-00035/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>mattison.barbara@epa.gov
<DESC>U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Bureau of the Public Debt (BPD)
<LOCATION>Division of Procurement
<ZIP>26106-5312
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>541519
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Bureau of the Public Debt (BPD), Division of Procurement, Avery 5F 200 Third Street, Parkersburg, WV, 26106-5312, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>70 -- Microsoft Premier Support Renewal
<SOLNBR>RFQ-TTB-08-0007
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Mindy Wargowsky, Contract Specialist, Phone 304-480-7034, Fax 304-480-7204, Email PSB3@bpd.treas.gov - Jane Oney, Contracting Officer, Phone 304-480-7111, Fax 304-480-7204, Email PSB3@bpd.treas.gov
<DESC>The Bureau of the Public Debt, on behalf of The Department of the Treasury's Alcohol and Tobacoo Tax and Trade Bureau, intends to award a fixed-price order for the purchase of Microsoft Premier Support renewal for Washington, D.C., per the attached Solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TREAS/BPD/DP/RFQ-TTB-08-0007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20005
<POPADDRESS>Washington, DC
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>FCI Bastrop
<ZIP>78602-0730
<CLASSCOD>89
<NAICS>311999
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons, FCI Bastrop, PO Box 730 State Highway 95, Bastrop, TX, 78602-0730, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>89 -- FOOD BID
<SOLNBR>RFQ5010200037-8
<RESPDATE>091907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Paul Sexton, Inventory Management Specialist, Phone (512) 304-0233, Fax (512)304-0101, Email psexton@bop.gov - Gailene Gambol, Contract Specialist, Phone 512-304-0271, Fax 512-304-0101, Email ggambol@bop.gov
<DESC>FIRST QT FOOD BID FY 2008
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/50102/RFQ5010200037-8/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>78602
<POPADDRESS>FCI BASTROP
1341 HIGHWAY 95 NORTH
BASTROP TX 78602
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>38
<NAICS>332999
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia, PA, 19111-5096, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>38 -- Snow Plow Package
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-0016884051
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>12272007
<CONTACT>Bonnie Keen, Acquisition Specialist, Phone 215-737-0787, Fax 215-737-7556, Email Bonnie.Keen@dla.mil - Eileen Friel, Contract Specialist, Phone 215-737-0544, Fax 215-737-2615, Email Eileen.Friel@dla.mil
<DESC>NSN:  3820-01-473-2777 Snow Plow Package/Arrowhead Equipment Inc. part AH24VHUM.  The Defense Supply Center Philadelphia intends to award this item under an Indefinite Delivery Purchase Order (IDPO) contract with a total value not to exceed $5,500,000.00.  The solicitation will be issued under FAR 13.5 "Test Program for Certain Commercial Items".  Delivery will be customer or DLA direct.  Required delivery schedule is 60 days.  When the Purchase Order Text (POT) describes an exact product by name and part number of a specific entity only those/that item has been determined to meet the needs of the government.  A vendor bid without exception is a certification that the exact product will be supplied by one of the entities cited in the POT.  Any product not manufactured and/or supplied by one of the entities cited in the POT is considered an alternate product.  If offering an alternate product a complete technical data package must be submitted for evaluation.  This is a presolicitatio notice and solicitation will be available on the DLA Bid Board System (www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil).  Any questions may be directed to Bonnie Keen 215-737-0787 (bonnie.keen@dla.mil) or alternate contact Eileen Friel (eileen.friel@dla.mil).
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I/Reference-Number-0016884051/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>19111
<POPADDRESS>Delivery location is not determined and will be cited on individual delivery orders
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Trade and Development Agency
<OFFICE>USTDA
<LOCATION>USTDA
<ZIP>22209-3901
<CLASSCOD>B
<NAICS>541690
<OFFADD>United States Trade and Development Agency, USTDA, USTDA, 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1600, C/O US TDA 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1600, Arlington, VA, 22209-3901, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>B -- Jordan:  Technical Assistance:  Disi Aquifer and SCADA System Analysis
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-0721012A
<RESPDATE>011708
<ARCHDATE>02012008
<CONTACT>Evangela Kunene, Procurement Data Manager, Phone 703-875-4357, Fax 703-875-4009, Email ekunene@ustda.gov
<DESC>POC 
Evangela Kunene
USTDA
1000 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1600 
Arlington, VA 22209-3901 
Tel: (703) 875-4357, Fax: (703) 875-4009  
<a href="mailto: ekunene@ustda.gov">ekunene@ustda.gov</a>

PLEASE DO NOT CONTACT CONTRACTS OFFICE

PROPOSAL SUBMISSION PLACE:
Imad Zureikat, General Manager 
Aqaba Water Company 
P.O. Box 252, Aqaba 77110, Jordan 
Phone:  +(962) 320-308-24, Fax:  +(962) 320-159-82 
E-mail: zureikat@awc.com.jo 

Jordan:  Technical Assistance:  Disi Aquifer and SCADA System Analysis 

The Grantee invites submission of qualifications and proposal data (collectively referred to as the "Proposal") from interested U.S. firms which are qualified on the basis of experience and capability to provide technical assistance to improve the groundwater management and utilization efficiency of the existing water well network and pumping system that serves the city of Aqaba, in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.  The Technical Asssistance will consist of a comprehensive hydraulic analysis of the Disi aquifer well field, which serves as the main source of drinking water to the city of Aqaba, and assess the technical requirements and financial feasibility of implementing a Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) system to monitor and operate the entire well network.  

Prior to August 2004, all water and wastewater services in Aqaba were provided by the Water Authority of Jordan (WAJ).  Beginning in August 2004, the Aqaba Water Company (AWC), a limited liability company, began operating with support from USAID.  AWC is 85% owned by WAJ and 15% by the Aqaba Special Economic Zone Authority.  AWC serves 22,000 metered water customers with the number of properties estimated at 9,087.  The Aqaba Governorate, which consists of approximately 100,000 inhabitants, is served entirely by AWC.  

The Aqaba city water supply is generated through 17 wells from the Disi aquifer. The wells are equipped with pumps that interconnect within a pipe network in order to transport water to the main reservoir supplying the city.  Maintenance and replacement programs have not been based on a comprehensive hydraulic analytical method.  The result has led to inefficient pumping of some of the wells which has led to less-than-capacity water being pumped.  AWC officials state that re-configuration of the pipe network can lead to an additional 500 cubic meters per hour of water extraction.  Reorganization of the well network and pumping system can also help decrease the need for investments in more expensive forms of water supply such as desalination.   

Additionally, the AWC is considering the implementation of a SCADA system to improve the efficiency of well system operations in Aqaba.  The proposed SCADA system would gather information such as where a leak on a pipeline has occurred, transfer the information back to a central site, alert the home station that the leak occurred, carry out the necessary analysis and control, and display the information in a logical and organized manner.  

The Jordanian Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation, acting through the Aqaba Water Company, would serve as the Grantee for this activity.

The Terms of Reference for this Technical Assistance are as follows:
Task 1:  Project Start-up and Kick off
Task 2:  Water System Detailed Study
Task 3:  Well Field Hydraulic Analysis  
Task 4:  Design of New Network
Task 5:  SCADA System Architecture and Requirements
Task 6:  Financial and Technical Analysis of the SCADA System
Task 7:  Preliminary Environmental Impact Assessment
Task 8:  Identify Potential U.S. Water Utilities for Study Tour
Task 9:	 Study Tour Logistics
Task 10: Study Tour
Task 11: Development Impact Assessment
Task 12: Final Report

The U.S. firm selected will be paid in U.S. dollars from a $319,000 grant to the Grantee from the U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA).

A detailed Request for Proposals (RFP), which includes requirements for the Proposal, the Terms of Reference, and a background definitional mission report are available from USTDA, at 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1600, Arlington, VA 22209-3901.  To request the RFP in PDF format, please go to: <b><a href=https://www.ustda.gov/businessopps/rfpform.asp>https://www.ustda.gov/businessopps/rfpform.asp</a></b> . Requests for a mailed hardcopy version of the RFP may also be faxed to the IRC, USTDA at 703-875-4009.  In the fax, please include your firm's name, contact person, address, and telephone number.  Some firms have found that RFP materials sent by U.S. mail do not reach them in time for preparation of an adequate response.  Firms that want USTDA to use an overnight delivery service should include the name of the delivery service and your firm's account number in the request for the RFP.  Firms that want to send a courier to USTDA to retrieve the RFP should allow one hour after faxing the request to USTDA before scheduling a pick-up. Please note that no telephone requests for the RFP will be honored.  Please check your internal fax verification receipt.  Because of the large number of RFP requests, USTDA cannot respond to requests for fax verification.  Requests for RFPs received before 4:00 PM will be mailed the same day.  Requests received after 4:00 PM will be mailed the following day.  Please check with your courier and/or mail room before calling USTDA.

Only U.S. firms and individuals may bid on this USTDA financed activity.  Interested firms, their subcontractors and employees of all participants must qualify under USTDA's nationality requirements as of the due date for submission of qualifications and proposals and, if selected to carry out the USTDA-financed activity, must continue to meet such requirements throughout the duration of the USTDA-financed activity.  All goods and services to be provided by the selected firm shall have their nationality, source and origin in the U.S. or host country.  The U.S. firm may use subcontractors from the host country for up to 20 percent of the USTDA grant amount.  Details of USTDA's nationality requirements and mandatory contract clauses are also included in the RFP.  

Interested U.S. firms should submit their Proposal in English directly to the Grantee by 9:00AM LOCAL TIME, on January 17, 2008 at the above address.  Evaluation criteria for the Proposal are included in the RFP.  Price will not be a factor in contractor selection, and therefore, cost proposals should NOT be submitted.  The Grantee reserves the right to reject any and/or all Proposals.  The Grantee also reserves the right to contract with the selected firm for subsequent work related to the project.  The Grantee is not bound to pay for any costs associated with the preparation and submission of Proposals.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TDA/TDA1/TDA1/Reference-Number-0721012A/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Government Printing Office
<OFFICE>Customer Services Department
<LOCATION>Hampton Regional Printing Procurement Office
<ZIP>23606-2555
<CLASSCOD>T
<NAICS>323119
<OFFADD>Government Printing Office, Customer Services Department, Hampton Regional Printing Procurement Office, 11836 Canon Boulevard, Newport News, VA, 23606-2555, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>T -- FD - 340, 4-11 -03, ENVELOPE
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-718-418
<RESPDATE>120607
<ARCHDATE>12212007
<CONTACT>Richard Gilbert, Customer Services Specialist, Phone 757-873-2809, Fax 757-873-2805, Email rgilbert@gpo.gov - John Mann, Printing Specialist, Phone 757-873-2800, Fax No Fax Accepted., Email Please Call Office Number.
<DESC>Security envelope with tie fastener and hard fiber reinforced patch.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GPO/PPD/HamptonVA/Reference-Number-718-418/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>United States Air Force Europe
<LOCATION>48 CONS/LGC - Lakenheath
<ZIP>09461-0270
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>611692
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, United States Air Force Europe, 48 CONS/LGC - Lakenheath, RAF Lakenheath Unit 5070 Box 270, RAF Lakenheath, UK, 09461-0270, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>S -- Driving Familiarization Course RAFL
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-DRIVINGCOURSERAFL
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>12282007
<CONTACT>Bonnie Yoakum, Contract Specialist, Phone 44 1638 522384, Fax 44 1638 522268, Email bonnie.yoakum@lakenheath.af.mil - Brian Sonnier, Contract Specialist, Phone 44 1638 522165, Fax 44 1638 522268, Email brian.sonnier@lakenheath.af.mil
<DESC>To Provide 48FW personnel driving familiarization courses for non-United Kingdom licensed drivers IAW the Performance Work Statement. Period of Performance Dec 2007-Sep 2008.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/USAFE/48CONSLGC/Reference-Number-DRIVINGCOURSERAFL/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED KINGDOM
<POPZIP>IP27 9PN
<POPADDRESS>RAF Lakenheath
Bldg 1085
Unit 5210
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>NB CB Richard Ellis
<ZIP>22102
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531120
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), NB CB Richard Ellis, 8444 Westpark Drive, Suite 320, McLean, VA, 22102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- Leased Office Space in Washington
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-GSP1007LS0046
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>01052008
<CONTACT>Donna Shores, Project Administrator, Phone 703-852-6214, Fax 703-852-6210, Email donna.shores@cbre.com
<DESC>UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
SEEKS LEASED OFFICE SPACE
SEATTLE, WASHINGTON  

The United States Government seeks to lease Office space, on contiguous floors which meets GSA lease criteria.  Space must be ADA compliant.  The space offered must consist of approximately 172,322 rentable square feet in Seattle, Washington.  The space should yield between 147,797 and 169,967 ANSI/BOMA usable square feet. 

A minimum of  twenty-seven (27) structured parking spaces, of which twenty-four (24) should be reserved, should be available and included in the rent, or at reasonable commercial rates, for visitors and employees within a two-block radius of the office.  Availability of public transportation with adequate parking must be available within two-blocks of the space offered.

LEED Silver minimum, GOLD preferred.

The proposed space must be located within the boundaries of the delineated area bounded by the following delineated area:

North:-Denny Way
South: -Royal Brougham
West:   Waterfront
East:     I-5

The proposed lease is for (10) years firm, and should be fully serviced.  

Space must be ready for occupancy no later than 08-01-09.

The offered space must meet Government requirements for Fire and Safety and Handicapped Accessibility.  Consideration shall be based on the area profile, location, and proposed security precautions if the location would be utilized.  

All expressions of interest submitted by brokers/agents must be accompanied by written evidence of authorization to represent the building's ownership.

Interested parties may submit pertinent information by the close of business on December 21, 2007.  

Mr. Dave Young, Sr. Vice President
CB Richard Ellis
110 110th Avenue NE, Suite 100
Bellevue, WA 98004
Phone:  425-462-6931
Email:   dave.j.young@cbre.com

Please reference Project Number GSP1007LS0046.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/NBTC/Reference-Number-GSP1007LS0046/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVAIR HQ
<ZIP>20670
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541712
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Air Systems Command, NAVAIR HQ, Building 2272 47123 Buse Road Unit IPT, Patuxent River, MD, 20670, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- (16) Sole Source Announcement to The Boeing Company to procure Studies for the P-8A aircraft
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-N00019-05-G-0026-12-4-07
<CONTACT>Michele Webb, Contract Specialist, Phone 301-757-5248, Fax 301-757-5284, Email Michele.Webb@navy.mil
<DESC>(Numbered Note 22-Underline Note 22 if this is a noncompetitive actions)
The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) intends to issue an order under Basic Ordering Agreement N00019-05-G-0026 with The Boeing Company, on an other than full and open competition basis to allow for studies in support of the P-8A aircraft.  This order will provide integration, test, and support analyses; and cost and schedule analyses to assist the P-8A Advanced Technologies Team with risk reduction activities.  The estimated period of performance for this effort is expected to end no later than 6 May 2009.  This requirement will be procured in accordance with FAR 6.302-1, only one responsible source and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  Boeing is the sole-developer of the P-8A. As such, Boeing is the only responsible source with the necessary access to technical data and requisite expertise to perform this effort.  Numbered note 22 (sole source) apply.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVAIR/NAVAIRHQ/Reference-Number-N00019-05-G-0026-12-4-07/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Commerce
<OFFICE>National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management Division
<ZIP>20899-1640
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>511210
<OFFADD>Department of Commerce, National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), Acquisition Management Division, 100 Bureau Drive, Building 301, Room B129, Mail Stop 1640, Gaithersburg, MD, 20899-1640, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Data Processing and Telecommunication Services
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-NB184000-8-02548
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>12262007
<CONTACT>Barbara Guise, Purchasing Agent, Phone (301) 975-6310, Fax (301) 975-6319, Email barbara.guise@nist.gov - Joseph Widdup, Contract Specialist, Phone (301) 975-6324, Fax (301) 975-8884, Email joseph.widdup@nist.gov
<DESC>The Department of Commerce/National Institute of Standards and Technology intends to award a twelve (12) month sole source purchase order, to VeriSign, 487 E. Middlefield Road Mountain View, CA 940434047, to provide Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificates to NIST staff who administer SSL web servers.  SSL web servers provide for the encryption of data between computer systems at NIST and web browsers in use anywhere on the Internet.  VeriSign is the only vendor that NIST is aware of that can provide SSL certificates which enforce a 128 bit encryption key between NIST web servers and web browsers in use at NIST and by users on the Internet.  The appropriate VeriSign information is configured within the most popular browsers in use today. The Government intends to solicit only this one source under the authority of FAR 13.106-1(b). Interested concerns may identify their capabilities by submitting a capability statement that demonstrates in written narrative format their ability to meet the requirement and objectives as described in this synopsis.  Capability statements may be e-mailed to Barbara.Suhrie@nist.gov. Information received will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice is not a request for quotation. A determination by the Government whether to compete this proposed requirement is solely within the discretion of the Government.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOC/NIST/AcAsD/Reference-Number-NB184000-8-02548/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20899
<POPADDRESS>GAITHERSBURG, MD
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Commerce
<OFFICE>National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management Division
<ZIP>20899-1640
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334516
<OFFADD>Department of Commerce, National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), Acquisition Management Division, 100 Bureau Drive, Building 301, Room B129, Mail Stop 1640, Gaithersburg, MD, 20899-1640, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>66 -- UV-Vis-NIR Spectrometer and Transporter
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-NB852000-8-02591
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Jennifer  Roderick, Contract Specialist, Phone 301-975-8173, Fax 301-975-8884, Email Jennifer.Roderick@nist.gov - Todd Hill, Contracting Officer, Phone 301-975-8802, Email todd.hill@nist.gov
<DESC>The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) intends to negotiate, on a sole source basis, under authority of FAR 13.106-1(b) (1), with PerkinElmer Life and Analytical Science, of Shelton, Connecticut, for the acquisition of a UV-Vis-NIR Spectrometer and Transporter to be used in the Ceramics Division at NIST, Gaithersburg, Maryland. 

*** NIST cites FAR 6.302-1(a)(ii)(A) and (B) (see excerpt below) as primary rationale for Sole Source Determination.
(ii) Supplies may be deemed to be available only from the original source in the case of a follow-on contract for the continued development or production of a major system or highly specialized equipment, including major components thereof, when it is likely that award to any other source would result in --
(A) Substantial duplication of cost to the Government that is not expected to be recovered through competition, or
(B) Unacceptable delays in fulfilling the agency?s requirements. (See 10 U.S.C. 2304(d)(1)(B) or 41 U.S.C. 253 (d)(1)(B).)

This requirement is for continued development of an optical absorption measurement system into the near-IR (NIR) spectral range.  Sole source determination is based on the need to maintain access to and compatibility with the existing UV WinLab v.5 database associated with NIST?s current UV-Vis spectrometer.  PerkinElmer Life and Analytical Sciences is the only known vendor capable of supplying the required UV-Vis-NIR Spectrometer and Transporter.

***Delivery shall be FOB DESTINATION and be completed in accordance with the Contractor?s commercial schedule. ***

*** As defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation, (FAR), FOB Destination means: The contractor shall pack and mark the shipment in conformance with carrier requirements, deliver the shipment in good order and condition to the point of delivery specified in the purchase order, be responsible for any loss of and/or damage to the goods occurring before receipt and acceptance of the shipment by the consignee at the delivery point specified in the purchase order; and pay all charges to the specified point of delivery.  The contractor shall deliver all line items to NIST, Gaithersburg, Maryland, 20899-0001. ***

*****The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 334516, and the size standard is 500 Employees.

******A determination by the Government not to compete the proposed acquisition based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.

*****No solicitation package will be issued.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive quotations.  However, responses received by December 19, 2007 will be considered by the Government.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOC/NIST/AcAsD/Reference-Number-NB852000-8-02591/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20899-0001
<POPADDRESS>100 Bureau Drive, Shipping & Receiving, Building 301, Gaithersburg, Maryland
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS)
<LOCATION>Procurement and Administrative Services
<ZIP>20552
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>511140
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS), Procurement and Administrative Services, 1700 G Street, N.W., 3rd Floor, Washington, DC, 20552, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- SNL Datasource Subscription Services
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-TOTS-D-08-Q-00067
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Isabel Roman-Cogswell, Contract Specialist, Phone 2029066137, Fax 2029065648, Email isabel.romancogswell@ots.treas.gov - Isabel Roman-Cogswell, Contract Specialist, Phone 2029066137, Fax 2029065648, Email isabel.romancogswell@ots.treas.gov
<DESC>The Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS) intends to award a sole source purchase order to SNL Financial, One SNL Plaza, P.O. Box 2121, Charlottesville, VA 22902 for its proprietary subscription service for SNL Datasource inclusive of all financial, M&A, and Deposit Marketshare information, premium web based content within SNL Quarterly Thrift Digest, and Thrift Investor.  A separate solicitation is not available.  Quotes in response to this notice must include 1. Price Quote - a firm fixed price for the services.  2. Technical Proposal - literature describing items.  3. Past Performance Information.  Oral questions will not be accepted.  Responsible firms may submit a written response this notice.  Oral proposals will not be accepted.  The OTS intends to award a firm fixed price purchase order only after determining SNL Financial represents the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered.  The period of performance is January 1, 2008 through December 31, 2008.  Proposals are due by 2:00 PM on 12/7/07 at Office of Thrift Supervision, 1700 G Street NW, Washington, DC to the attention of Isabel Roman-Cogswell.  Proposals may be faxed to (202) 906-5648 or emailed to isabel.romancogswell@ots.treas.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TREAS/OTS/PASDC/Reference-Number-TOTS-D-08-Q-00067/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20552
<POPADDRESS>1700 G St NW
Washington, DC
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336411
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>15 -- C-130 FAIRING, AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>SMP4A7-08-R-0507
<RESPDATE>011908
<ARCHDATE>02032008
<CONTACT>Claudette Atkins, Acquisition Specialist , Phone 804-279-4920, Fax 804-279-6186, Email claudette.atkins@dla.mil
<DESC>NSN 1560-01-311-8657
Unrestricted Set-Aside
Fairing, Aircraft
Critical Application Item
Configuration Control Applies 
100% quantity option
FOB Destination to Stock Location
Inspection/Acceptance at Origin
Requested Delivery 158 Days
Electronic Offers are not acceptable
Offerors must submit a completed solicitation package; A copy of the solicitation will be available via the DIBBS at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP on the issue date cited in the RFP.  RFP's are in portable document format (PDF).  To download and view these documents you will need the latest version of Adobe Acrobat.  This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.  A paper copy of this solicitation will be available to requesters.  The solicitation issue date is December 19, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SMP4A7-08-R-0507/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<ZIP>22060-6222
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>493190
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Defense Energy Support Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Road, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6222, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- Operation, Maintenance and Protection of Government Owned Air Force Bulk Fuel Facility (GOCO)
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0526
<CONTACT>Sean Turner, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-767-9345, Fax 703-767-9338, Email sean.turner@dla.mil - Shedric Crump, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 703 767-9347, Fax 703 767-9338, Email shedric.crump@dla.mil
<DESC>Government-owned, Contractor operated (GOCO) Fuel Services, to include bulk storage, inventory control, distribution, and fuels accounting at Anderson Air Base, Guam.  The contractor shall provide all necessary management, supervision, personnel, labor, materials, parts, general and specialized equipment to maintain and operate Government (Air Force) owned fuel facilities and equipment at Anderson Air Base, Guam.  The estimated performance period is October 1, 2007 through September 30, 2012.  Services are currently being performed by Air Force personnel. This procurement will be unrestricted. The solicitation will be published electronically on both the FedBizOpps website and the DESC-FP solicitation download website. http://www.desc.dla.mil. Solicitation will be posted to both websites on or about April 3, 2007. Questions should be emailed to the email addresses within this solicitation announcement. Best Value, Source Selection procedures will be used in this procurement.  A mandatory pre proposal conference and site visit will be conducted for this solicitation. Registration requirements, location, dates and times of this conference will be included in the solicitation when issued; attendance is mandatory. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DESC/SP0600-07-R-0526/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>GUAM
<POPADDRESS>Anderson Air Base, Guam
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<ZIP>22060-6222
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>493190
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Defense Energy Support Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Road, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6222, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- Operation, Maintenance and Protection of Government Owned Air Force Bulk Fuel Facility (GOCO)
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0527
<CONTACT>Annie Gordon, Contract Specialist, Phone 703 767-9346, Fax 703 767-9338, Email annie.gordon@dla.mil - Shedric Crump, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 703 767-9347, Fax 703 767-9338, Email shedric.crump@dla.mil
<DESC>Government-owned, Contractor operated (GOCO) Fuel Services, to include bulk storage, inventory control, distribution, and fuels accounting at Eielsen Air Force Base, Alaska. The contractor shall provide all necessary management, supervision, personnel, labor, materials, parts, general and specialized equipment to maintain and operate Government (Air Force) owned fuel facilities and equipment at Eielsen Air Force Base, Alaska.  The estimated performance period is October 1, 2007 through September 30, 2012.  Services are currently being performed by Air Force personnel. This procurement will be unrestricted. The solicitation will be published electronically on both the FedBizOpps website and the DESC-FP solicitation download website. http://www.desc.dla.mil. Solicitation will be posted to both websites on or about April 3, 2007. Questions should be emailed to the email addresses within this solicitation announcement. Best Value, Source Selection procedures will be used in this procurement.  A mandatory pre proposal conference and site visit will be conducted for this solicitation. Registration requirements, location, dates and times of this conference will be included in the solicitation when issued; attendance is mandatory. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DESC/SP0600-07-R-0527/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>99702
<POPADDRESS>Eielsen Air Force Base, Alaska
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<ZIP>22060-6222
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>493190
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Defense Energy Support Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Road, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6222, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- Operation, Maintenance and Protection of Government Owned Air Force Bulk Fuel Facility (GOCO)
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0528
<CONTACT>Annie Gordon, Contract Specialist, Phone 703 767-9346, Fax 703 767-9338, Email annie.gordon@dla.mil - Shedric Crump, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 703 767-9347, Fax 703 767-9338, Email shedric.crump@dla.mil
<DESC>Government-owned, Contractor operated (GOCO) Fuel Services, to include bulk storage, inventory control, distribution, and fuels accounting at Elmendorf Air Base, Alaska. The contractor shall provide all necessary management, supervision, personnel, labor, materials, parts, general and specialized equipment to maintain and operate Government (Air Force) owned fuel facilities and equipment at Elmendorf Air Base, Alaska.  The estimated performance period is October 1, 2007 through September 30, 2012.  Services are currently being performed by Air Force personnel. This procurement will be unrestricted. The solicitation will be published electronically on both the FedBizOpps website and the DESC-FP solicitation download website. http://www.desc.dla.mil. Solicitation will be posted to both websites on or about April 3, 2007. Questions should be emailed to the email addresses within this solicitation announcement. Best Value, Source Selection procedures will be used in this procurement.  A mandatory pre proposal conference and site visit will be conducted for this solicitation. Registration requirements, location, dates and times of this conference will be included in the solicitation when issued; attendance is mandatory. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DESC/SP0600-07-R-0528/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>99506
<POPADDRESS>Elmendorf Air Base, Alaska
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<ZIP>22060-6222
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>493190
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Defense Energy Support Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Road, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6222, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- Operation, Maintenance and Protection of Government Owned Air Force Bulk Fuel Facility (GOCO)
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0530
<CONTACT>Sean Turner, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-767-9345, Fax 703-767-9338, Email sean.turner@dla.mil - Shedric Crump, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 703 767-9347, Fax 703 767-9338, Email shedric.crump@dla.mil
<DESC>Government-owned, Contractor operated (GOCO) Fuel Services, to include bulk storage, inventory control, distribution, and fuels accounting at Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, Japan.  The contractor shall provide all necessary management, supervision, personnel, labor, materials, parts, general and specialized equipment to maintain and operate Government (Air Force) owned fuel facilities and equipment at Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, Japan.  The estimated performance period is October 1, 2007 through September 30, 2012.  Services are currently being performed by Air Force personnel. This procurement will be unrestricted. The solicitation will be published electronically on both the FedBizOpps website and the DESC-FP solicitation download website. http://www.desc.dla.mil. Solicitation will be posted to both websites on or about April 3, 2007. Questions should be emailed to the email addresses within this solicitation announcement. Best Value, Source Selection procedures will be used in this procurement.  A mandatory pre proposal conference and site visit will be conducted for this solicitation. Registration requirements, location, dates and times of this conference will be included in the solicitation when issued; attendance is mandatory. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DESC/SP0600-07-R-0530/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>JAPAN
<POPADDRESS>Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, Japan
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<ZIP>22060-6222
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>493190
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Defense Energy Support Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Road, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6222, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- Operation, Maintenance and Protection of Government Owned Air Force Bulk Fuel Facility (GOCO)
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0531
<CONTACT>Sean Turner, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-767-9345, Fax 703-767-9338, Email sean.turner@dla.mil - Shedric Crump, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 703 767-9347, Fax 703 767-9338, Email shedric.crump@dla.mil
<DESC>Government-owned, Contractor operated (GOCO) Fuel Services, to include bulk storage, inventory control, distribution, and fuels accounting at Misawa Air Base, Japan.  The contractor shall provide all necessary management, supervision, personnel, labor, materials, parts, general and specialized equipment to maintain and operate Government (Air Force) owned fuel facilities and equipment at Misawa Air Base, Japan.  The estimated performance period is October 1, 2007 through September 30, 2012.  Services are currently being performed by Air Force personnel. This procurement will be unrestricted. The solicitation will be published electronically on both the FedBizOpps website and the DESC-FP solicitation download website. http://www.desc.dla.mil. Solicitation will be posted to both websites on or about April 3, 2007. Questions should be emailed to the email addresses within this solicitation announcement. Best Value, Source Selection procedures will be used in this procurement.  A mandatory pre proposal conference and site visit will be conducted for this solicitation. Registration requirements, location, dates and times of this conference will be included in the solicitation when issued; attendance is mandatory. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DESC/SP0600-07-R-0531/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>JAPAN
<POPADDRESS>Misawa Air Base, Japan
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1018
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Distribution Center
<ZIP>17070-5001
<CLASSCOD>81
<NAICS>322221
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Distribution Center, 2001 Mission Drive DDC CSS-AB, Bldg 404, New Cumberland, PA, 17070-5001, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>81 -- VCI BARRIER MATERIAL
<SOLNBR>SP3100-08-R-0004
<CONTACT>Julie Metzger, Contract Specialist, Phone 717 770-6243, Fax 717 770-7591, Email julie.metzger@dla.mil
<DESC>The Defense Distribution Depot, Anniston, AL (DDAA) has a requirement to establish an indefinite delivery / requirements contract to provide Transparent, flexible, sealable, Volatile Corrosion Inhibitor Treated Barrier Material, 5 MIL, per MIL-PRF-22109E, Type II, 3 inch core diameter, sizes 2500 feet long X 18 inches wide and 2500 feet long X 14 inches wide.  Delivery will be FOB Destination to Anniston, AL 36201.

Contract period shall be for one (1) year base period with four (4) one year option periods.  An economic price adjustment clause will be used to offset unpredictable changes in material costs during contract performance.

This acquisition is 100% set-aside for small business concerns.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this project is 322221 and the size standard is 500 employees.

To receive awards resulting from solicitations issued after May 31, 1998, your company must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database.  Contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 1-888-227-2423 or via the Internet at http:// www.ccr.gov.

The Government will make payment for all barrier material ordered under any resultant contract via credit card.  Therefore, to be considered for award, the Contractor must be capable of accepting payment via the Government Purchase Card.

The Government intends to award one contract as a result of this Request for Proposal (RFP) to the responsible offer based on the total overall lowest evaluated price offered.

It is anticipated that RFP SP3100-08-R-0004 will be posted to this site on or around November 5, 2007.  Amendments to the solicitation will also be posted to this site.  Prospective offerors are cautioned concerning their responsibility to access the website for any amendments that may be issued under this RFP.  There will be no advance notification of amendment issuance.  Prospective offerors are advised to consult the website frequently to check for any amendments.  Amendments may be issued up until the proposal due date.  Failure to acknowledge amendments may render your proposal ineligible for award.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DDC/SP3100-08-R-0004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>36201-4199
<POPADDRESS>DEFENSE DISTRIBUTION DEPOT ANNISTON
REGION SUPPLY OFFICER
BLDG. 362 CENTRAL RECEIVING
ANNISTON, AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>H
<NAICS>423850
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>H -- Contractor shall provide all parts and all labor to clean and refurbish Government furnished Ansul or Kidde (as applicable) Halon 1301 system cylinders and perform all phases of cylinder inspection.
<SOLNBR>SP4703-08-R-0004
<RESPDATE>010708
<ARCHDATE>01222008
<CONTACT>Alexander Stuart, Contract Specialist, Phone 8042795004, Fax 8042793246, Email Alexander.Stuart@dla.mil - Alexander Stuart, Contract Specialist, Phone 8042795004, Fax 8042793246, Email Alexander.Stuart@dla.mil
<DESC>The Contractor shall provide all parts (including O-rings and gauges) and all labor to remove, clean and refurbish Government valves manufactured by Ansul or Kidde (as applicable), provide all labor and equipment to perform all phases of cylinder inspection and re-qualification (including inspection of exterior, preparing surface and applying primer, remove valve, inspect interior, clean interior if required, hydrostatic test, install valve and paint) and provide all labor and equipment to fill (recharge) cylinders with Government furnished Halon 1301 in Government-owned cylinders.  Valves that fail inspection will be replaced with additional used valves by contacting the Contracting Officer's Representative as specified in this statement of work.  All work shall be performed in accordance with MIL-STD 1411, US Navy Technical Repair Standard (S9555-A6-TRS-010 for Ansul or S9555-AT-MMA-010 for Kidde as applicable), Ansul or Kidde repair standards (as applicable) and MIL-STD 101B.  Complete system cylinder assemblies shall have an actuator, protective caps and anti-recoil devices, and Halon charge in accordance with above standards.  Final markings shall be in accordance with MIL-STD 129 and identified with appropriate NSN cited below, Condition Code A (fully refurbished, filled and ready for issue). Empty Government-owned storage cylinders and any unused Halon 1301 shall be returned with the filled system cylinders.  The contractor shall be responsible for all shipping costs for the pick up and return of the cylinders from and to the Defense Distribution Depot Richmond Virginia (DDRV).  The Government will provide resources to load trucks and unload trucks.  The following NSNs and quantities require refurbishment and recharging:

NSN:  6830-01-275-1637, Kidde, 125 lb. capacity, 100 EA
NSN:  6830-01-140-6150, Ansul, 125 lb capacity, 150 EA
NSN:  6830-01-302-2555, Kidde, 95 lb. capacity, 100 EA

The required delivery date is 180 days after receipt of the contract award.  The Government may make a split award.  This solicitation will contain a detailed Statement of Work.  To request a copy of this solicitation, please contact, Alexander Stuart via e-mail at the address above or by fax (804-279-3246).  Please include your complete mailing address in all requests. This solicitation will be issued on or about December 10, 2007.  A copy of the solicitation will be available at the following website:  https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP/
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR/SP4703-08-R-0004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>23297-5000
<POPADDRESS>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Defense Supply Center Richmond, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>DLA HQ Enterprise Support
<ZIP>22060-6220
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>423430
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, DLA HQ Enterprise Support, 8725 John J. Kingman Road Suite 0119, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6220, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- LEGATO SOTWARE SUPPORT
<SOLNBR>SP4705-08-T-0002
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Jose Villanueva, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-767-1208, Fax 703-767-1183, Email Jose.Villanueva@dla.mil - Yolanda Moore, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-767-1175, Fax 703-767-1130, Email Yolanda.Moore@dla.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis solicitation.  Closing date for a receipt of quotes is Friday, December 14, 2007 at 8:00 AM "EST" See attached solicitation.  For further information please contact Jose.Villanueva@dla.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DLA-DSS/SP4705-08-T-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>22060
<POPADDRESS>Fort Belvoir, VA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense National Stockpile Center
<ZIP>22060-6223
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>334512
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense National Stockpile Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Road Suite 3229, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6223, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Y -- REPLACE GAS FIRED FURNACE
<SOLNBR>SP800008R0003
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>12262007
<CONTACT>Tiffany Wilson, Contract Specialist, Phone (703) 767-5487, Fax (703) 767-5411, Email tiffany.wilson@dla.mil - Sharon Blue, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-767-5477, Fax 703-767-5494, Email sharon.blue@dla.mil
<DESC>Solicitation SP8000-08-R-0003 is for the procurement to replace the existing gas furnace in building number one (1) at the DNSC Hammond, IN Depot with a unit of equal or superior capabilities and to modify building one or the location of this furnace to enable easier access for replacement, repair and services. The contractor shall provide all labor, supervision, tools, supplies, materials and equipment to provide and install a new gas furnace and air handler assembly that will be described in the attached statement of work.    A Requirements-Type, Fixed Price Contract will be awarded as a result of this solicitation.  Facsimile offers are acceptable.  Facsimile number is (703) 767-5477.  Solicitation will be issued on DNSC Internet at the DNSC website https://www.dnsc.dla.mil/upload/showaq.asp?status=1.  Any technical questions regarding the download should be addressed to (703) 767-6500.  Request for hard copies of the solicitation must be submitted in writing.  Please state name, address, and solicitation number.  All responsible sources may submit a proposal, which shall be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DNSC/SP800008R0003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>22060-6222
<POPADDRESS>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Attn:  DNSC-|CC, Tiffany Wilson, Defense National Stockpile Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Rd., Suite 3229, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-6222.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>332510
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>53 -- H-60 Helicopters - Mount, Resilient, Wea
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-08-R-0198
<RESPDATE>011708
<ARCHDATE>02012008
<CONTACT>Amanda Parker, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-2326, Fax (804)279-6170, Email Amanda.Allred@dla.mil - Jim Bryant, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3888, Fax (804)279-6170, Email James.Bryant@dla.mil
<DESC>Solicitation for NSN 5342-01-526-90090017064139, Mount, Resilient, Wea.  An ?export control? technical data package (TDP) exists for this item.  Technical data will only be released to contractors who are authorized/certified by the Defense Logistics Service Center.  Eligible vendors should access the TDP via the DLA-BSM Internet Bid Board System (DIBBS) at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/.  This is a ?source control item.?  The only approved sources for this item are Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation and SKF Aerospace Sealing Solutions.  This solicitation will result in a firm fixed-price contract.  The requirement is for 48 each, FOB destination New Cumberland PA, inspection and acceptance at destination.  The required delivery is 144 days ARO.  ABVS applies, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. A copy of the solicitation will be available via the DIBBS on the issue date cited in the RFP.  From the DIBBS homepage, select ?RFP/IFBs? from the top menu bar.  In the ?Search Categories? click on the ?Solicitation Number? and type the RFP you wish to download and click the submit button.  RFPs are in portable document format (PDF).  To download and view these documents, you will need the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader.  This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.  A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requesters.  The solicitation issue date is December19, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A5-08-R-0198/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- LAP ASSEMBLY, MANIFOLD
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-08-R-0210
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02062008
<CONTACT>Louis Wilson III, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3090, Fax (804)279-6478, Email Louis.Wilson@dla.mil
<DESC>Purchase Request 0016976996. This solicitation will contain 1 NSN for a Lab Assembly, Manifold, NSN 1650-01-095-4186. This solicitation will be solicited for award of a firm fixed price definite quantity contract for quantity of 10 each. The OEM and approved source of supply is Parker Hannifin Corp. (Cage 82106) PN: 92710-105. 230 Days ARO, FOB Origin, Inspection and Acceptance Origin. Specification, plans or drawings related to the procurement described are not available and cannot be furnished by the Government. Please do not submit request to DSCR-VABA. The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. In accordance with 10 U.S.C 2304 ( c) (1), other than full and open competition applies. The Government intends to place a delivery order for this requirement on a sole source basis against an existing Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA). Requests for a copy of the RFP should be made directly to Louis C. Wilson III via FAX 804-279-2864. Reference notes 22 and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A5-08-R-0210/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>339999
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- Cable Assembly Spec
<SOLNBR>SPM4A6-08-R-0032
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Jackie Brown, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3399, Fax (804)279-, Email Jackie.Brown@dla.mil - Janice Hicks, Contracting Officer (Supervisory), Phone (804)279-1585, Fax (804)279-6172, Email Janice.Hicks@dla.mil
<DESC>PR: 15832435 Firm Fixed Price for NSN 6150-01-521-3510, SPM4A6-07-R-0188, CABLE ASSEMBLY, SPECIAL PURPOSE ELECTRICAL Qty: 8698 with 100% option Qty. DSCR does not currently have an approved technical data package available for this NSN.  The approved source is ROCKWELL COLLINS, INC Cage 13499, P/N: 987-5020-001. The requested delivery will be 112 Days ARO or best available. Automated Best Value System (ABVS) will apply; offers will be evaluated based on price offered and past performance.  FOB Destination and Inspection/Acceptance Destination will be required.  Issue date December 18, 2007 & Closing date January 18 2008. The solicitation will be posted on DIBBS at https://dibbs.bsm.dla.mil on or about December 18, 2007. Point of Contact: Jackie Gardner Brown, Telephone 804 279 3399, FAX 804 279 4708. EMAIL: jackie.brown@dla.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A6-08-R-0032/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPZIP>23297
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>68
<NAICS>325320
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>68 -- 68- Chemical & Chemical Products
<SOLNBR>SPM4A6-08-R-0142
<RESPDATE>011408
<ARCHDATE>01292008
<CONTACT>Christine  Mangum, Contract Specialist (Contractor), Phone (804)279-4422, Fax (804)29-4290, Email Christine.Mangum@dla.mil - Stuart Dowdy, Contract Specialist (Contractor), Phone (804)279-5763, Fax (804)279-5337, Email Stuart.Dowdy@dscr.dla.mil
<DESC>NSN 6840-01-424-2495,Insecticide, Altosid Estimated Quantity (AEQ) is 156 Bx, IQC 07262009006 Solicitation will include a term of base year plus TWO option years.Destination inspection required.  Quantity variance is plus or minus 10% . Solicitation will be issued under  Unrestricted, other than full and open competition procedures.  This is a 3Z procurement.  surge requirement exists.  The Government's required delivery schedule for this NSN is 30 DARO for Stock.  Effective June 1, 1998, in order to receive an award, regardless of dollar value, you must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR).the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. This solicitation will be available via the DLA Internet Bid Board System at http//www.dibbs.bsm/dla/mil/RFP on the issued date cited in the RFP. Choose the RFP you wish to download. Solicitations are in portable document format (PDF).  To download and view
these documents you will need the latest version of Adobe Acrobat
Reader.  This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.
A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requestors.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR/SPM4A6-08-R-0142/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>23297-5000
<POPADDRESS>Defense Supply Center Richmond
8000 Jefferson Davis Highway
Richmond, VA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>339999
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- CABLE ASSEMBLY POWER
<SOLNBR>SPM4A6-08-R-0269
<RESPDATE>012108
<ARCHDATE>02052008
<CONTACT>Jackie Brown, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3399, Fax (804)279-, Email Jackie.Brown@dla.mil - Janice Hicks, Contracting Officer (Supervisory), Phone (804)279-1585, Fax (804)279-6172, Email Janice.Hicks@dla.mil
<DESC>Firm fixed price NSN: 6150-01-144-0103, SPM4A6-08-R-0269 CABLE ASSEMBLY POWER ELCTRICAL Qty 227. DSCR does not currently have an approved technical data package available for this NSN. The approved sources are Labarge Inc Cage 16275, P/N:7-10118/19/7-10079, General Electric Company Cage 99207, DWG 6044T3 REV ?AA? 04 Nov 2002 P/N: 6044T83P06. This acquisition consist of CRITICAL SAFETY ITEM (CSI) The requested delivery will be 113 Days ARO or best available. Automated Best Value System (ABVS) will apply; offers will be evaluated based on price offered and past performance.  FOB Destination and Inspection/Acceptance Destination will be required.  Issue date Dec 19, 2007 & Closing date January 21, 2008. The solicitation will be posted on DIBBS at https://dibbs.bsm.dla.mil on or about Dec 19, 2007. Point of Contact: Jackie Gardner Brown, Telephone 804 279 3399, FAX 804 279 4708. EMAIL: jackie.brown@dla.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A6-08-R-0269/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPZIP>23297
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>15 -- H-60 Helicopter; De-Icer Box Bracket
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0081
<RESPDATE>020408
<ARCHDATE>02192008
<CONTACT>Denise Dortch, Contract Specialist, Phone (804)279-4295, Fax (804)279-6490, Email Denise.Dortch@dla.mil
<DESC>NSN 1560-01-137-3552; Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business; De-Icer Box Bracket; Critical Application Item; Configuration Control Applies; Part Numbered Item; Purchase Request is intended to be awarded as an Indefinite Quantity Contract with an estimated annual demand of 566 pieces (See solicitation for additional details); Destination inspection; FOB Destination to Stock Location; Requested Delivery is 82 days ARO; Electronic Offers are not acceptable; Offerors must submit a completed solicitation package; A copy of the solicitation will be available via the DIBBS at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP on the issue date cited in the RFP.  RFP's are in portable document format (PDF).  To download and view these documents you will need the latest version of Adobe Acrobat.  This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.  A paper copy of this solicitation will be available to requesters.  The solicitation issue date is 26 December 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR/SPM4A7-08-R-0081/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>15 -- NOZZLE, FLIGHT REFUELING
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0390
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02062008
<CONTACT>Tammy  Birdsong, Acquisition Specialist, Phone 804-279-5824, Fax 804-279-4300, Email Tammy.Birdsong@dla.mil
<DESC>Solicitation number SPM4A7-08-R-0390, NSN 1680-01-114-8524 for Nozzle, Flight Refueling, F-18 Aircraft. Configuration Control Applies. This is a navy critical safety item. Solicitation is unrestricted, other than full and open competition. Approved sources: Argo-Tech Corporation Costa Mesa, Cage Code (86090), Parker Hannifin Corporation (59211), part number 60318. No data is available.  The alternate offeror is required to provide a complete data package including data for the approved and alternate part for evaluation.  This is a firm-fixed price contract, quantity of 873 each with a 100% option. Requested delivery 270 DARO. FOB Destination with Inspection and Acceptance at Origin. Automated Best Value System (ABVS) applies; the final contract award decision may be based on a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation.  The solicitation will be issued on December 21, 2007, with a closing date of January 22, 2008. The solicitation will be available via the DLA DIBBS at http://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/. From the Dibbs homepage select search reps from the left hand sidebar then choose the RFP you wish to download.  RFPs are in portable document format (PDF).  To download. and view these documents you will need the latest version of adobe acrobat reader.  This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.  A paper copy of the solicitation will not be available for requestors.  See numbered note 1.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A7-08-R-0390/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336411
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>15 -- 1560-00-257-2953; FITTING ASSEMBLY
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0491
<RESPDATE>011608
<ARCHDATE>01312008
<CONTACT>Doris Johnson, Acquisition Speicialist (Contractor), Phone (804)279-5886, Fax (804)279-1665, Email Doris.Johnson.ctr@dla.mil - Anette Smith, Acquisition Specialist (Contractor), Phone (804)279-4944, Fax (804)279-1665, Email Anette.Smith.ctr@dla.mil
<DESC>PR No: 0016267046; this solicitation contains 1 NSN; 1560-00-257-2953; for award of   Firm Fix Price contract. 
  FOB Destination; Inspection/Acceptance at Origin. PLT is 340 days ARO.  Pr includes   Spec. DWG  NR 98897; P/N 397583-6; AMEND NR; G.  This pr contains  First Article;Govt.,  Export Control and Configuration Control.  A controlled data package is available; the technical data will only be released to contractors authorized/certified by the Defense Logistics Center.  Certified requestors should submit TDP requests to DSCR-VABA via Internet, mail, Fax or phone.  Internet address is http://www.dscr.dla.mil/tdmd.  Mailing address is Defense Supply Center Richmond-Attn: DSCR-VABA, Richmond, VA 23297-5615; Fax 804-279-4946; phone 804-279-3356.  Please provide certification number with request.  If certification is required, request a DD Form 2345, Military Critical Technical Data Agreement from the Defense Logistics Services Center, DLSC-FBA, Federal Center, Battle Creek, MI 49017-3084. The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. A copy of the solicitation will be available via the BSM DIBBS web-site:  https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil.



The anticipated issue dated is on or about   17  Dec 07. The anticipated award date is  27 Feb  08. Reference notes 1, 22 and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A7-08-R-0491/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>43
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>43 -- Firm Fixed Contract, NSN 4330-99-051-3515, Filter Element, Flui
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0540
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02062008
<CONTACT>Elisa Oliver, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3136, Fax (804)279-5723, Email Elisa.Oliver@dla.mil
<DESC>PR No:  0016843853 This solicitation will contain 1 NSN for an Filter Element, Fluid.  This solicitation will be solicited for award of a Firm Fixed Contract.  The award will be for a base year and 100% option for 39 each. This item is sole sourced to Eaton Aerospace LTD, (Cage Code K2523), PN 754/1/39954/000.  The NSN is 4330-99-051-3515. If Technical Data is available, it will only be released to contractors authorized/certified by Defense Logistics Service Center. Certified Requestors should submit TDP requests to DSCR-VABA via Internet, mail, fax or phone. Internet Address is http://www.dscr.dla.mil/tdmd (all in lowercase, please). Mailing address is Defense Supply Center Richmond, Attn; DSCR-VABA, Richmond, VA 23297-5615; fax number: (804) 279-4946; phone number: (804) 279-3356. Please provide certification number with request. If Certification is required, request a DD form 2345, military critical technical data Agreement, from defense logistics services Center, DLSC-FBA, Federal Center, Battle Creek, Michigan 49017-3084.  
The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. Reference notes 23.  ?A copy of the solicitation will be available via the Defense Internet Bid Board System (DIBBS) (https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil).  A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requestors.  The solicitation issue date is 20 December 2007.?
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A7-08-R-0540/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>95304-5000
<POPADDRESS>XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN
25600 S CHRISMAN ROAD
REC WHSE 10 PH 209 839 4307
TRACY CA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>29 -- Firm Fixed Contract, NSN 2915-01-429-5318, Gears-Matched Set
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0542
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02062008
<CONTACT>Elisa Oliver, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3136, Fax (804)279-5723, Email Elisa.Oliver@dla.mil
<DESC>PR No:  0016699632 This solicitation will contain 1 NSN for an Gears-Matched Set.  This solicitation will be solicited for award of a Firm Fixed Contract.  The award will be for a base year and 100% option for 33 each. This item is sole sourced to Argo-Tech Corp. (Cage Code 59875), PN 219958-1.  The NSN is 2915-01-429-5318. If Technical Data is available, it will only be released to contractors authorized/certified by Defense Logistics Service Center. Certified Requestors should submit TDP requests to DSCR-VABA via Internet, mail, fax or phone. Internet Address is http://www.dscr.dla.mil/tdmd (all in lowercase, please). Mailing address is Defense Supply Center Richmond, Attn; DSCR-VABA, Richmond, VA 23297-5615; fax number: (804) 279-4946; phone number: (804) 279-3356. Please provide certification number with request. If Certification is required, request a DD form 2345, military critical technical data Agreement, from defense logistics services Center, DLSC-FBA, Federal Center, Battle Creek, Michigan 49017-3084.  
The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. Reference notes 23.  ?A copy of the solicitation will be available via the Defense Internet Bid Board System (DIBBS) (https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil).  A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requestors.  The solicitation issue date is 20 December 2007.?
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A7-08-R-0542/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>73145-8000
<POPADDRESS>DEF DISTRIBUTION DEPOT OKLAHOMA
CENTRAL REC 3301 F AVE BLDG 506
TINKER AFB OK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>29 -- Firm Fixed Contract, NSN 2925-01-033-8948, Igniter Plug
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0543
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02062008
<CONTACT>Elisa Oliver, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3136, Fax (804)279-5723, Email Elisa.Oliver@dla.mil
<DESC>PR No:  0016783789 This solicitation will contain 1 NSN for an Igniter, Plug.  This solicitation will be solicited for award of a Firm Fixed Contract.  The award will be for a base year and 100% option for 745 each. This item is manufactured by General Electric, (Cage Code 99207), P/N 9016M82P06 and approved source is Champion Aerospace (Cage Code 0AFL4), P/N FHE303-3B.  The NSN is 2925-01-033-8948. If Technical Data is available, it will only be released to contractors authorized/certified by Defense Logistics Service Center. Certified Requestors should submit TDP requests to DSCR-VABA via Internet, mail, fax or phone. Internet Address is http://www.dscr.dla.mil/tdmd (all in lowercase, please). Mailing address is Defense Supply Center Richmond, Attn; DSCR-VABA, Richmond, VA 23297-5615; fax number: (804) 279-4946; phone number: (804) 279-3356. Please provide certification number with request. If Certification is required, request a DD form 2345, military critical technical data Agreement, from defense logistics services Center, DLSC-FBA, Federal Center, Battle Creek, Michigan 49017-3084.  
The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. Reference notes 23.  ?A copy of the solicitation will be available via the Defense Internet Bid Board System (DIBBS) (https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil).  A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requestors.  The solicitation issue date is 20 December 2007.?
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A7-08-R-0543/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>17070-5001
<POPADDRESS>DDSP NEW CUMBERLAND FACILITY
DOOR 113 134
NEW CUMBERLAND PA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- insulation Pipe Covering
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708R0417
<RESPDATE>011508
<ARCHDATE>01302008
<CONTACT>James Golob, Contract Specialist (Contractor), Phone (804)279-2893, Fax (804)279-6347, Email james.golob.ctr@dla.mil - James Golob, Contract Specialist (Contractor), Phone (804)279-2893, Fax (804)279-6347, Email james.golob.ctr@dla.mil
<DESC>PR:0016696597, Supporting the F-15 and F-16 Aircraft Program. Insulation Pipe Covering. This Solicitation is for a firm fixed price contract.  PRLI 0001 quantity is 900 and PRLI 0002 quantity is 600 totaling 1500 with a 100% Option.  FOB Destination with inspection and acceptance at origin.  This is not a critical application item.  Quantity variance is zero.  Solicitation will be issued as 100% Small Business Set Aside.  The NSN is 1660-01-134-1007, 274-day delivery. Effective June 1, 1998, in order to receive an award, regardless of dollar value, you must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR), the final contract award decision may be used upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation.  The solicitation will be available via the DIBBS at https://dibbs.bsm.dla/mil.frq.   A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requesters.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR/SPM4A708R0417/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>23297-5000
<POPADDRESS>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<NAICS>332991
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>31 -- UH-60A Black Hawk Helicopter - BEARING, BALL, AIRFRAME
<SOLNBR>SPM4M1-08-R-0234
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Rose Gordon, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3306, Fax (804)279-5580, Email Rose.Gordon@dla.mil - Alfreda Reid, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-4518, Fax (804)279-4699, Email Alfreda.Reid@dla.mil
<DESC>3110-01-465-6024, SOURCE CONTROL ITEM, SIKORSKY AIRACRAFT CORP (78286) DWG 38950-00902, P/N 38950-00902-104 REV L, APPROVED SOURCE TIMKEN (40920).  CONFIGURATION CONTROL APPLIES. AWARD FROM THIS SOLICITATION CAN ONLY BE MADE FOR A DOMESTICALLY MANUFACTURED (U.S. OR CANADA) BEARING AND BEARING COMPONENTS.  CRITICAL APPLICATION ITEM.  QUANTITY 765 EACH WITH 100% OPTION FOR INCREASED QUANTITY.  TERMS FOB DESTINATION, INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE AT ORIGIN. HIGHER LEVEL QUALITY REQUIREMENT APPLIES.  REQUIRED DELIVERY IS 135 DAYS.
A copy of the solicitation will be available via the DLA Internet Bid Board System (DIBBS) at www.dibbs.dla.mil as of the solicitation issue date cited in the RFP.  A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requestors.
The solicitation issue date is anticipated to be December 19, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M1-08-R-0234/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<NAICS>332991
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>31 -- Bearing Roller Airframe
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108R0193
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02062008
<CONTACT>Joseph Gordon, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-1632, Fax (804)279-4204, Email Joseph.Gordon@dla.mil - Yolanda Moore, Supervisory Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3761, Fax (804)279-6687, Email Yolanda.Moore@dla.mil
<DESC>3110-01-054-4688, SPM4M108R0193, Bearing Roller Airframe, ?Source Control Item? Hamilton Sundstrand CAGE: 99167 P/N: 5913537: DWG 5913537 Approved Sources: Timken CAGE: 78118. This solicitation is to be used for a large buy.  Unrestricted Acquisition ABVS applies.  FOB: Destination.  Inspection / Acceptance at Origin with Quality Assurance Provision (FCA),  Critical Item.  The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. Quantity: 550 each within 446 days DARO or best possible delivery.  Solicitation issue date is 12/19/2008.

A copy of the solicitation will be available via the DLA Internet Bid Board System at http://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFPon the same issue date cited in the solicitation.  Choose the RFP you wish to download. Solicitations are in portable document format (PDF).  To download and view these documents you will need the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader.  This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.  A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requesters. The solicitation issue date is 12/19/2008
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108R0193/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<ZIP>43218-3990
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43218-3990, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- IDPO SOLICITATION
<SOLNBR>SPM7AX-08-X-0173
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>05152008
<CONTACT>Sarah Heyward, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-9617, Fax 614-693-1678, Email sarah.heyward@dscc.dla.mil
<DESC>NOTE: The proposed procurement contains an option to extend the contract period one or more times at the discretion of the government.  The total duration (base plus option years) shall not exceed 3 years.  

**DLA INTERNET BID BOARD SYSTEM (DIBBS) QUOTATIONS ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE FOR THIS SOLICITATION.  QUOTES MUST BE SUBMITTED ON A HARD COPY OF THIS REQUEST FOR QUOTE AND FAXED TO SARAH HEYWARD AT 614-693-1621.  Please direct questions about this solicitation to Sarah Heyward at 614-692-9617, e-mail: Sarah.Heyward@dla.mil or fax: 614 693-1621.

NSN(s): 5935-01-275-2972

Item Description: ADAPTER, CONNECTION

Manufacturer?s Code and Part Number (if applicable): (18863) P/N 947-002

Yearly Estimated Quantity: 39

Unit of Issue: EA

Destination Information: Shipping locations within the United States will be specified on each individual delivery order

Delivery Schedule: 78 days

All responsible sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.

See Note(s):(X)1,(X)12,(X)26. 

(X)The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on its issue date of December 4, 2007. 

(X)The Small Business size standard is 750 employees. 

(X)The proposed procurement contains an option to extend the contract period one or more times at the discretion of the government.  The total duration (base plus option years) shall not exceed 3 years.  

(X)While price may be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final award decision will be based upon a combination of price, delivery, past performance and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. 

(X)Various Increments Solicited: 1-5, 6-15, 16-24, and 25-39.

10. TYPE OF SET-ASIDE: 100% SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC/SPM7AX-08-X-0173/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>332112
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- MANUAL IDPO
<SOLNBR>SPM7AX-08-X-0184
<RESPDATE>010808
<ARCHDATE>01232008
<CONTACT>Joan Jackson, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1265, Fax 614-693-1634, Email joan.jackson@dla.mil
<DESC>The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on its issue date of 12/21/07.  The proposed procurement contains an option to extend the contract period one or more times at the discretion of the government.  The total duration (base plus option years) shall not exceed 3 years.  This acquisition is for supplies for which the Government does not possess complete, unrestrictive technical data; therefore, the Government intends to solicit and contract with only approved source under the authority of 10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1).  Approved sources are: Cage 77820, Part Number 21-489015-202 and Cage 89954 Part Number 144A9617P16.  While price may be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final award decision will be based upon a combination of price, delivery, past performance and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation.  Various Increments Solicited.  See numbered notes 12 and 26.  A copy of this written solicitation will be posted on the following website:  https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/rfp .

**DLA INTERNET BID BOARD SYSTEM (DIBBS) QUOTATIONS ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE FOR THIS SOLICITATION.  QUOTES MUST BE SUBMITTED ON A HARD COPY OF THIS REQUEST FOR QUOTE AND FAXED TO JOAN L. JACKSON AT 614-693-1621.  Please direct questions about this solicitation to Joan L. Jackson at 614-692-1265, e-mail: joan.jackson@dla.mil or fax at: 614-693-1621.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7AX-08-X-0184/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334415
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- RESISTOR, VARIABLE, WIRE WOUND, PRECISION
<SOLNBR>SPM7AX-08-X-0192
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>01052008
<CONTACT>Loretta Franke, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-2167, Fax 614-693-1678, Email loretta.franke@dla.mil
<DESC>THE SOLICITATION WILL BE AVAILABLE IN FEDBIZOPPS ON ITS ISSUE DATE OF 12/06/2007. 
  
 
FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION APPLIES.
  
VENDOR ITEM CONTROL DRAWING (NEW CODE)

CRITICAL APPLICATION ITEM

Manufacturers Code and Part Number (if applicable): DATA INSTRUMENTS INC   (06880)   P/N  WP7-8 185-2
HONEYWELL SENSING & CONTROL   (94603)   P/N F01311016
	
	Yearly Estimated Quantity:  74
Unit of Issue: EA

Destination Information:   Shipping locations within the United States will be specified on each individual delivery order

Delivery Schedule: 135 DAYS

All responsible sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.

See Note(s): 1, 12, 22, 26.

The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on its issue date of 12/06/2007.

The Small Business size standard is 500 employees. 

Specifications, plans or drawings are not available.

The proposed procurement contains an option to extend the contract period one or more times at the discretion of the government.  The total duration (base plus option years) shall not exceed  3 years.  

This acquisition is for supplies for which the Government does not possess complete, unrestrictive technical data;  therefore, the Government intends to solicit and contract with only approved sources under the authority of 10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1).  

While price may be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final award decision will be based upon a combination of price, delivery, past performance and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. 


Various Increments Solicited: 1-19, 10-28, 29-46, AND 47-74.

10.  TYPE OF SET-ASIDE: 100% TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET ASIDE
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7AX-08-X-0192/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>30
<NAICS>332995
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>30 -- MANUAL IDPO
<SOLNBR>SPM7AX-08-X-0193
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01022008
<CONTACT>Joan Jackson, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1265, Fax 614-693-1634, Email joan.jackson@dla.mil
<DESC>The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on its issue date of 12/18/2007.  The proposed procurement contains an option to extend the contract period one or more times at the discretion of the government.  The total duration (base plus option years) shall not exceed 3 years.  This acquisition is for supplies for which the Government does not possess complete, unrestrictive technical data; therefore, the Government intends to solicit and contract with only approved source under the authority of 10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1).  Approved source are: Cage 06970, Part Number 271-632-66 and Cage 70436 Part Number 346-029-10.  While price may be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final award decision will be based upon a combination of price, delivery, past performance and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation.  Various Increments Solicited.  See numbered notes 1, 12 and 26.  A copy of this written solicitation will be posted on the following website:  https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/rfp .

**DLA INTERNET BID BOARD SYSTEM (DIBBS) QUOTATIONS ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE FOR THIS SOLICITATION.  QUOTES MUST BE SUBMITTED ON A HARD COPY OF THIS REQUEST FOR QUOTE AND FAXED TO JOAN L. JACKSON AT 614-693-1621.  Please direct questions about this solicitation to Joan L. Jackson at 614-692-1265, e-mail: joan.jackson@dla.mil or fax at: 614-693-1621.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7AX-08-X-0193/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>25
<NAICS>336399
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>25 -- Parts Kit, Seat Belt 4-Man HMMWV
<SOLNBR>SPM7L2-08-R-0045
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>01052008
<CONTACT>Sharon Harper, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1184, Fax 614-693-1576, Email sharon.harper@dla.mil
<DESC>Description: See numbered notes: 1, 9, and 26.   NSN 2540-01-436-1626, Parts Kit, Mirror Assembly, Rearview (Black) being bought in accordance with Army (19207) drawing 12342133 and all related data.   This part requires a contractor First Article Test (FAT). The total quantity required is 35,079 kits to be shipped to (W25G1U) New Cumberland, PA  17070-5000.  The solicitation also includes a 50% option for up to 17,540 kits which may or may not be exercised.  To improve the amount of stock due multiple awards will be considered.  This solicitation is an RFP and will be available on the Internet at http://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/rfp after the issue date of 12/18/07, hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Technical drawings/bid sets are available after the issue date on the Internet at http://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/ then click the cFloders under the Technical Data tab.  Requests should include the RFP number, opening/closing date, NSN, purchase Request Number, buyer?s name and your complete name and address. FEDERAL, MILITARY AND COMMERCIAL SPECIFICATIONS CANNOT BE PROVIDED BY DSCC.   This solicitation is set-aside 100% for small business concerns.  While price may be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final award decision will be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and delivery.  The required delivery is 4000 kits in 155 days plus 4000 kits every 30 days until complete with FAT required and 4000 kits in 80 days plus 4000 kits every 30 days until complete with FAT required.  In a final rule contained in the Federal Acquisition Circular 01-26 (Item 1, FAR Case 2002-24) published in the Federal Register on December 20, 2004, the Federal Acquisition Regulation was amended to require offerors to submit representations and certification electronically via the Business Partner Network.  Offerors are encouraged to complete an Online Representations and Certification Application (ORCA) as soon as possible since this requirement will be appearing in solicitation in the near future.  The ORCA can be found at http://orca.bpn.gov. Until ORCA is fully implemented continue to comply with all government instruction and requirements in solicitation and contract awards.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7L2-08-R-0045/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>25
<NAICS>336322
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>25 -- Parts Kit, Ball Joint
<SOLNBR>SPM7L2-08-R-0046
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Sharon Harper, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1184, Fax 614-693-1576, Email sharon.harper@dla.mil
<DESC>Description: See numbered notes 9, 12 and 26.  NSN 2530-01-188-3685, Ball Joint Assembly, Upper Front (Basic A1), being procured in accordance with Army (19207) source controlled drawing 12460149-1 and all related data.  Approved sources are Krizman International, inc. (3UPC0) P/N 2601563 and Federal mogul Corp. Sub Wagner (63477) P/N SE80413.  There is a contract first articles test (FAT) required for this NSN.  Total quantity required is 105,898EA with 9,203 each to be shipped to (W62G2T) Stockton, CA 95296-0130 and 96,695 each to be shipped to (W25G1U) New Cumberland, PA  17070-5000, FOB destination is requested.  Multiple may be considered.  This solicitation will be available on the Internet at http://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/rfp after the issue date of 12/18/07.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Technical drawings/bid sets are available after the issue date on the Internet at http://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/ then click the cFloders under the Technical Data tab.  Requests should include the RFP number, opening/closing date, NSN, purchase Request Number, buyer?s name and your complete name and address. FEDERAL, MILITARY AND COMMERCIAL SPECIFICATIONS CANNOT BE PROVIDED BY DSCC. This solicitation is not set-aside for small business.  While price may be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final award decision will be based upon a combination of price, past performance, delivery, socioeconomic, and JWOD.  The required delivery is 10,000 each in 210 days plus 10,000 every 30 days until complete with FAT required and 10,000 each in 90 days plus 10,000 every 30 days until complete with FAT waived.  Notice to all Contractors:  In a final rule contained in the Federal Acquisition Circular 01-26 (Item 1, FAR Case 2002-24) published in the Federal Register on December 20, 2004, the Federal Acquisition Regulation was amended to require offerors to submit representations and certification electronically via the Business Partner Network.  Offerors are encouraged to complete an Online Representations and Certification Application (ORCA) as soon as possible since this requirement will be appearing in solicitation in the near future.  The ORCA can be found at http://orca.bpn.gov. Until ORCA is fully implemented continue to comply with all government instruction and requirements in solicitation and contract awards.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7L2-08-R-0046/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<ZIP>43218-3990
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336612
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43218-3990, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>28 -- 28-Manifold Exhaust
<SOLNBR>SPM7L5-07-R-0104
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02062008
<CONTACT>Georgia Shirey, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-4756, Email georgia.shirey@dscc.dla.mil
<DESC>NSN(s): 2805-01-350-8874

	Item Description:  Manifold Exhaust

	Manufacturer?s Code and Part Number:  Ultrafab Corportion (3CJ11)

	Quantity (including option quantity):  32 with 100% option

Unit of Issue:  EA

	FOB Destination, Inspection and Acceptance at Destination

Delivery Schedule:  182 Days

All responsible sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.

See Note(s): (   )1, (   ) 2, (   ) 8, (   ) 9, (   ) 12, (   ) 13, (   ) 22, (   ) 23, (   ) 24, (   ) 25, 
( X  ) 26, (   ) 27, (   ) 28.

The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on its issue date of 20 December 2007
Specifications, plans or drawings are not available.

Proposed procurement contains a 100% option for increased quantities.

This acquisition is for supplies for which the Government does not possess complete, unrestrictive technical data;  therefore, the Government intends to solicit and contract with only approved sources under the authority of 10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1).  Approved sources are: Ultrafab Corportion (3CJ11)

While price may be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final award decision will be based upon a combination of price, delivery, past performance and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. 


  TYPE OF SET-ASIDE:  Unrestricted
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC/SPM7L5-07-R-0104/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<ZIP>43218-3990
<CLASSCOD>20
<NAICS>332322
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43218-3990, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>20 -- GUARD, BLADE EDGE
<SOLNBR>SPM7M208R0031
<RESPDATE>011908
<ARCHDATE>02032008
<CONTACT>Jana Engels-Stinson, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1582, Fax 614-693-1557, Email jana.engels-stinson@dscc.dla.mil
<DESC>NSN 2010-01-200-1889. Item is to be procured I/A/W part number 660509223, manufactured by cage code 93366.  A total of 601 each to be delivered as follows:  228 to Tracy CA 95304-5000 and 373 each to New Cumberland PA 17070-5001, requiring delivery within 470 days.  F.O.B. point is origin.  Inspection is at origin.  Proposed solicitation is unresricted.  The small business size sandard is 500 employees.  Specifications, plans or drawings are not available.  This acquisition is for supplies for which the government does not possess complete, unrestrictive technical data, therefore, the government intends to solicit and contract with only approved sources under the authority of 10 U.S.C 2304(c)(1).  While price may be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final award decision will be based upon a combination of price, delivery, past performance and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation.  All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall be considered.  See numbered note 26.  The solicitation will be available on its issue date of 12/19/07 at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/ .  Please note:the solicitation will not be available until the issue date.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC/SPM7M208R0031/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<ZIP>43218-3990
<CLASSCOD>43
<NAICS>333999
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43218-3990, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>43--Filter Assembly, Fluid
<SOLNBR>SPM7M3-08-R-0018
<RESPDATE>011708
<ARCHDATE>02012008
<CONTACT>Tracy McKibben, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-8146, Fax 614-693-1557, Email tracy.mckibben@dla.mil
<DESC>NSN 4330-01-343-8537, Filter Assembly, Fluid. Supplied without element and differential.  I/A/W Spec NR MIL-F-24402/2(1); Spec NR MIL-F-24402E(1) and QPL MIL-F-24402.  Quantity of 42 each to be delivered to Kings Bay, GA in 150 days after date of award.  All responsible sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.  See notes 12 and 26.  The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on its issue date of 19 Dec 07.  The Small Business size standard is 750 employees.  Drawings/specifications will be available through the DIBBS solicitation link in the synopsis on the solicitation issue date.  This acquisition is for supplies for which the Government does not possess complete, unrestrictive technical data; therefore, the Government intends to solicit and contract with only approved sources under the authority of 10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1). Approved source is QPL source Western Filter Corp. (13520).  While price may be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final award decision will be based upon a combination of price, delivery, past performance and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC/SPM7M3-08-R-0018/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<ZIP>43218-3990
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334413
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43218-3990, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- Microcircuit, Memory
<SOLNBR>SPM7M5-08-R-0003
<RESPDATE>012008
<ARCHDATE>02042008
<CONTACT>Anthony Foster, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-7508, Email Anthony.Foster@dscc.dla.mil - Anthony Foster, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-7508, Email Anthony.Foster@dscc.dla.mil
<DESC>PR: 0016259003
NSN: 5962-01-413-7524
ITEM DESCRIPTION: MICROCIRCUIT, MEMORY
SAC-TEC LABS (0TH60) P/N 3SL010  I/A/W 
RAYTHEON COMPANY (82577) DRAWING NUMBER H990791-011B
QUANTITY: 47
UNIT OF ISSUE: EACH
DESTINATION INFORMATION:

PRLI 000100  18 EACH
FREIGHT SHIPPING ADDRESS:
W62G2T
XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN
25600 S CHRISTMAN ROAD
REC WHSE 10 PH 209 839 4307
TRACY CA 95304-5000

PRLI 000200 29 EACH

W25G1U
SU TRANSPORATION OFFICER
DDSP NEW CUMBERLAND FACILITY
2001 MISSION DRIVE DOOR  113-134
NEW CUMBERLAND PA  17070-5001

DELIVERY SCHEDULE: 180 DAYS

SEE NUMBERED NOTES NOTES 22.

ISSUE DATE: 12/19/2007
CLOSING DATE: 01/20/2008 

THIS ACQUISITION IS FOR SUPPLIES FOR WHICH THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT POSSESS COMPLETE, UNRESTRICTIVE TECHNICAL DATA; THEREFORE, THE GOVERNMENT INTENDS TO SOLICIT AND CONTRACT WITH ONLY APPROVED SOURCES UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF 10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1). 
APPROVED SOURCE: (0TH60) SAC-TEC LABS 

THIS IS A SOURCE CONTROL ITEM.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC/SPM7M5-08-R-0003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>90505-6004
<POPADDRESS>3630 SKYPARK DRIVE #DR310
TORRANCE CA  90505-6004
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- SWITCH, RADIO REQUE
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0075
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>01152008
<CONTACT>Jamie Wiebusch, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1614, Fax 614-692-6916, Email jamie.wiebusch@dla.mil - John Krutko, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-3312, Fax 614-692-6920, Email john.krutko@dla.mil
<DESC>All responsible small business sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.

The subject requirement is for acquisition of 5985-01-297-9910.  See Note(s):  1, 12, and 26.  The requirement will result in an award of an Indefinite Delivery Purchase Order Contract for which delivery orders may be placed for FOUR years.  The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on  12/17/07 at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP/.   The Government does not have sufficient, accurate or legible data to purchase part from other than current sources.  The delivery for this acquisition will be on an FOB Destination basis.   The final award decision will be based upon an evaluation of price, delivery, and past performance.   This solicitation will be issued as a total small business set aside.  The approved small business manufacturer(S) are: DUCOMMUN TECHNOLOGIES INC (08719) P/N Q6-423J802, R L C ELECTRONICS INC (12599) P/N S-4584, L-3 COMMUNICATIONS CORP (99899) P/N 8060-D3-A3D-5A2.  The required delivery is 90 days and the quantity increments will cover 1 - 200 each.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M908X0075/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- ANTENNA SUBASSEMBLY
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0078
<RESPDATE>010208
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Jamie Wiebusch, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1614, Fax 614-692-6916, Email jamie.wiebusch@dla.mil - John Krutko, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-3312, Fax 614-692-6920, Email john.krutko@dla.mil
<DESC>All responsible sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.

The subject requirement is for acquisition of 5985-01-197-4822.  See Note(s):  12 and 26.  The requirement will result in an award of an Indefinite Delivery Purchase Order Contract for which delivery orders may be placed for FIVE years.  The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on 12-19-2007 at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP/.  The delivery for this acquisition will be on an FOB Destination basis.  The final award decision will be based upon a evaluation of price, delivery, and past performance.   This solicitation will be issued as Unrestricted and other than full and open competition.   The approved sources SCINTREX LIMITED (32554), and CANADIAN COMMERCIAL CORP (98247) HAVE THE SAME P/N 1524AS102 increments will cover 1 - 100 each.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M908X0078/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- ANTENNA
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0080
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>01152008
<CONTACT>Jamie Wiebusch, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1614, Fax 614-692-6916, Email jamie.wiebusch@dla.mil - John Krutko, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-3312, Fax 614-692-6920, Email john.krutko@dla.mil
<DESC>All responsible sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.


The subject requirement is for acquisition of 5985-01-128-1142.  See Note(s):  12 and 26.  The requirement will result in an award of an Indefinite Delivery Purchase Order Contract for which delivery orders may be 
placed for two years.  The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on 12/17/07 at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP/.  The delivery for this acquisition will be on an FOB Destination basis.  The final award decision will be based upon a evaluation of price, delivery, and past performance.   This solicitation will be issued as Unrestricted and other than full and open competition.   The approved sources NURAD TECHNOLOGIES (25223), OHMCOLLC (7X797) BOTH UNDER DRAWING NUMBER 82152 14D23700  The delivery requirement is 90 days and the quantity increments will cover 1-120 each.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M908X0080/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- ANTENNA
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0081
<RESPDATE>010208
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Jamie Wiebusch, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1614, Fax 614-692-6916, Email jamie.wiebusch@dla.mil - John Krutko, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-3312, Fax 614-692-6920, Email john.krutko@dla.mil
<DESC>All responsible sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.

The subject requirement is for acquisition of 5985-01-368-8492.  See Note(s):  12 and 26.  The requirement will result in an award of an Indefinite Delivery Purchase Order Contract for which delivery orders may be placed for FIVE years.  The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on 12-19-2007 at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP/.  The delivery for this acquisition will be on an FOB Destination basis.  The final award decision will be based upon a evaluation of price, delivery, and past performance.   This solicitation will be issued as Unrestricted and other than full and open competition.   The approved sources THALES COMMUNICATIONS INC (23386) P/N SS-1600294-1, CENTURION WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES INC (65451) P/N CAF26165.  Increments will cover 50 - 2000 each.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M908X0081/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334310
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- ADAPTER, MICROPHONE
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0082
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>01152008
<CONTACT>Jamie Wiebusch, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1614, Fax 614-692-6916, Email jamie.wiebusch@dla.mil - John Krutko, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-3312, Fax 614-692-6920, Email john.krutko@dla.mil
<DESC>All responsible sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.

The subject requirement is for acquisition of 5965-99-664-9722.  See Note(s):  12 and 26.  The requirement will result in an award of an Indefinite Delivery Purchase Order Contract for which delivery orders may be placed for FIVE years.  The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on 12-17-2007 at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP/.  The delivery for this acquisition will be on an FOB Destination basis.  The final award decision will be based upon a evaluation of price, delivery, and past performance.   This solicitation will be issued as Unrestricted and other than full and open competition.   The approved sources SELEX COMMUNICATIONS INC (37EK0) P/N H-510-4856-03  Increments will cover 50 - 3500 each.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M908X0082/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334310
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- MICROPHONE, DYNAMIC
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0083
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>01152008
<CONTACT>Jamie Wiebusch, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-1614, Fax 614-692-6916, Email jamie.wiebusch@dla.mil - John Krutko, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-3312, Fax 614-692-6920, Email john.krutko@dla.mil
<DESC>All responsible small business sources may submit an offer/quote which shall be considered.

The subject requirement is for acquisition of 5965-01-103-9081.  See Note(s):  1, 12, and 26.  The requirement will result in an award of an Indefinite Delivery Purchase Order Contract for which delivery orders may be placed for FIVE years.  The solicitation will be available in FedBizOpps on  12/17/07 at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP/.   The Government does not have sufficient, accurate or legible data to purchase part from other than current sources.  The delivery for this acquisition will be on an FOB Destination basis.   The final award decision will be based upon an evaluation of price, delivery, and past performance.   This solicitation will be issued as a total small business set aside.  The approved small business manufacturer(S) are: D C M INDUSTRIES INC (55564) P/N DC-3, ROANWELL CORPORATION (82872) P/N 519-111-001-603  The required delivery is 90 days and the quantity increments will cover 25 - 1250 each.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M908X0083/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Office of Construction & Facilities Management
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Facilities Management
<ZIP>20420
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531210
<OFFADD>Real Property Service (00CFM3C);810 Vermont Ave., NW;Washington, DC  20420
<SUBJECT>X--U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS_EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 4 SEPARATE LAND_PARCELS (6-8 ACRES EACH) TO CONSTRUCT_OUTPATIENT CLINICS
<SOLNBR>VA-101-08-RI-0032
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Tel.  (202) 654-7024 FAX  (202) 654-7030
<DESC>U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 4 SEPARATE LAND PARCELS (6-8 ACRES EACH) TO CONSTRUCT OUTPATIENT CLINICS VA is seeking Expressions of Interest for 4 separate land parcels located in the Las Vegas, NV, metropolitan market to accommodate construction of leased outpatient clinics. VA prefers sites of 6 to 8 developable acres capable of accommodating a 25,309 net usable square foot (30,370 gross square foot) building with on-site parking for approximately 200 vehicles.  VA will also consider acceptance of a donated site. VA prefers to enter into an assignable land option for the purchase of a fee simple site but may consider build-to-suit sites and ground lease sites if deemed beneficial to VA.   VA prefers sites located within the following delineated areas (submarkets) but reserves the right to accept a site outside of a submarket.  Northeast Site (Solicitation No. VA101-08-RP-0029): North - Cheyenne Avenue  South - Twain Avenue  East - Nellis Boulevard West - Eastern Avenue Southeast Site (Solicitation No. VA101-08-RP-0031): North - Sunset Road South - Horizon Drive  East - Center Street West - Stephanie Street Northwest Site: North - Grand Teton Drive South - Alexander Road East - Jones Boulevard West - Durango Drive Southwest Site (Solicitation No. VA101-08-RP-0030): North - Tropicana Avenue South - Warm Springs Road East - Rainbow Boulevard West - Fort Apache Road EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST SHOULD INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION, AS KNOWN OR AVAILABLE.  PLEASE NOTE THAT TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE, SO PLEASE PROVIDE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE TO ENABLE VA TO EVALUATE YOUR SITE(S).  VA RESERVES THE RIGHT TO ELIMINATE A SITE IF INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION IS PROVIDED. 1.  Site location, address and current zoning designation. 2.  Size of parcel and amount (or range) of usable acreage offered.  Specify net, in addition to, gross area. 3.  Site plan, survey and/or plat map of the site indicating the location of the parcel offered.  Site plan should include location of utilities, any easements (above and below ground), environmental/soil issues, adjacent roads, and/or other encumbrances affecting the potential development of the parcel. 4.  Include any grading, drainage or sewer plans that have been or will be completed in the future. 5.  Access to site from major transportation routes and public transportation routes. 6.  Site aerials/renderings. 7.  Describe any future development affecting the site including neighboring projects and road/public utility line construction. 8.  Specific information on site ownership and any known title issues, defects, deed restrictions and encumbrances. PLEASE PROVIDE BRIEF EXPLANATIONS/CLARIFICATIONS OF THE FOLLOWING ISSUES. 1.  The availability of utilities to the site including water, sewer, gas, electric and fiber optics. 2.  Information on any moratoriums affecting the ability to permit, construct, and/or operate an outpatient clinic on the site such as a "water moratorium". 3.  Confirm the site has proper zoning for an outpatient clinic.  Clarify if any zoning changes, variances, or special exceptions are required for an outpatient clinic including the estimated period of time necessary to complete such entitlement process.  Clarify any known county proffer obligations with the site. 4.  Describe any environmental issues known to exist on the site and any remediation efforts taken or to-be-taken. 5.  Provide evidence that the site offered is outside the 100-year flood zone.  Clarify if the site contains any wetlands (as defined and may be certified by FEMA). 6.  Explain any known factors that might prohibit the permitting, construction and/or operation of an outpatient clinic on the site offered. 7.  State whether site is being offered as an assignable land option to purchase, build-to-suit and/or ground lease.  Please also state asking prices for a sale or ground lease, as applicable.  Please note that VA will not pay more than appraised market value for the site or ground rent, as applicable. 8.  Confirm that ownership currently owns and controls the site. State whether ownership has title to property, is under contract, retains an option to purchase, etc.  Offeror and/or firm submitting Expressions of Interest should state their relationship to the site (for example, owner, broker, legal representative, etc.).  If Offeror is not the legal owner of the site, please provide documentation from owner that you are authorized to offer the site and will receive any compensation for your efforts from the owner.  VA staff may conduct a market survey of offered sites that meet the government's specific evaluation criteria. It is requested that interested Offerors submit two (2) copies of the information concerning their properties to Mr. Brad Seifert by mail, fax, or e-mail by 3:00 p.m. EST on Friday, December 14, 2007, as follows.  VA reserves the right to consider sites offered after this date that are beneficial to the government or to reject such sites. Also, any persons or firms submitting or considering the submission of a site are encouraged to contact the following brokers with any questions or clarifications regarding this notice including the ability to respond to the information requested in this notice. Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7024 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail:  bseifert@ppwashdc.com Or  Mr. Ben Butler, Principal Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7022 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail: bbutler@ppwashdc.com RESPONDENTS ARE ADVISED THAT VA ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION TO CONSIDER A SITE BASED UPON RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/vacoofmae/vacoofmae/VA-101-08-RI-0032/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>bseifert@ppwashdc.com
<DESC>Brad Seifert, Public Properties LLC
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>00000
<POPADDRESS>Las Vegas, NV
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Lebanon VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>17042
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>812332
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Lebanon VA Medical Center, Room 117;1700 South Lincoln Ave, Bldg 18;Lebanon PA  17042
<SUBJECT>S--Laundry Services
<SOLNBR>VA-244-08-RP-0034
<RESPDATE>011008
<ARCHDATE>03102008
<CONTACT>Brenda S. Delawder
<DESC>The Lebanon VA Medical Center is conducting a best value source selection, lowest cost, technically acceptable process, for laundry services, Monday through Friday.  Period of performance is expected to begin March 2008 for one year with four one-year option periods.   The contract will be firm fixed price.  The following provisions and clauses plus addendums apply:  52.212-1 Instruction to Offerors, 52.212-2 Evaluation, 52.212-3 Representations and Certifications, 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions and 52.212-5 Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders.     The solicitation will be posted o/a 10 December 2007.    All amendments and other documents shall be downloaded from this site.   No hard copies of the solicitation will be provided.  All communication shall be in writing and may be emailed to Brenda.Delawder@va.gov or faxed to 717-228-5936.     No web based offers will be accepted.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/LeVAMC595/LeVAMC595/VA-244-08-RP-0034/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>brenda.delawder@va.gov
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>17042
<POPADDRESS>Lebanon, PA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Pittsburgh Healthcare System
<ZIP>15206
<CLASSCOD>U
<NAICS>611430
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Contracting Office (04A-H);VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System;7180 Highland Drive;Pittsburgh PA  15206
<SUBJECT>U--ADVISORY BOARD MEMBERSHIPSHEALTH CARE ADVISORY, CLINICAL ADVISORY, AND PERFORMANCELEADERSHIP
<SOLNBR>VA-244-08-RP-0072
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>02122008
<CONTACT>Kathleen S Policicchio Contract Specialist 412-365-5438
<DESC>The VA Stars & Stripes Healthcare Network (VISN) intends to enter into a sole source contract with The Advisory Board, 600 New Hampshire Avenue NW, Washington, D.C., 20037 to renew annual memberships for VISN 4 in the following programs:  Health Care Advisory Board, Clinical Advisory Board, and Performance Leadership Academy for the period of January 1, 2008 through December 31, 2008.  The ten (10) participating VA Medical Centers are Altoona, PA; Butler, PA; Clarksburg WV; Coatesville, PA; Erie, PA; Lebanon, PA; Philadelphia, PA; Pittsburgh, PA; Wilkes-Barre, PA; and Wilmington, DE.  The following are services that are provided by the Health Care Advisory Board, Clinical Advisory Board and Performance Leadership Academy: provide educational sessions outlining major changes in patient care delivery systems, and sharing tools to assist in the implementation of evidence based practice models.  Provides for a better informed staff at medical centers and throughout the network, and provides the latest research and information on improving efficiency of care. Services also include presentation of ongoing educational programs to health care managers to enhance leadership skills in a diverse dynamic workforce.  Services include unlimited attendance at all national meetings; onsite research presentation, unlimited access to www.advisory.com and associated online tools; unlimited publication orders and re-orders.  This announcement is for services for which the Government intends to negotiate with only one source under FAR 6.302-1 (a) (2).  Interested parties are requested to submit no later than December 14, 2007 COB clear and convincing data substantiating their capabilities and qualifications to provide comparable membership services that offer best practices, research and analysis to healthcare industries focusing on business and economic issues, health system strategies, cost governance, and operations.  Submit supporting documentation via e-mail to Kathleen.Policicchio@va.gov or fax to 412-365-5444 to attention of Kathleen Policicchio.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.  However, all interest received on or before December 14, 2007 will be considered by the Government.  A determination by the Government not to open the requirement to competition based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  No solicitation document is available.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/PiVAMC646/PiVAMC646/VA-244-08-RP-0072/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Kathleen.Policicchio@med.va.gov
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Atlanta VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>30033
<CLASSCOD>Q
<NAICS>622110
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Atlanta VA Medical Center;1670 Clairmont Road;Decatur GA  30033
<SUBJECT>Q--Orthopedic Surgery
<SOLNBR>VA-247-08-RP-0042
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>02292008
<CONTACT>Rob Joshua, 404-728-4825
<DESC>This is an IDIQ requirement for orthopedic surgery services for beneficiaries of VAMC Atlanta, located at 1670 Clairmont Road, Decatur, GA 30033. Offerors will be required to provide pre-operative, operative and post operative orthopaedic and spinal surgery, patient evaluation, testing and other diagnostic services as required to meet established standards of care. This includes medical clearance/consultations to ensure medical fitness for surgery and post-operative visits for 90 days, including x-rays, post-operative complication, allowable rehabilitation, medical devices to provide the patient with mobility as defined by the community standard of care.  Offerors are expected to service as the central agency for correlating all services, billing, and invoicing the VAMC for referred patients.  The VAMC intends to use applicable Medicare rates for services and for offerors to agree to be reimbursed based on CPT/DRG codes for both inpatient and outpatient services.  The anticipated period of performance is base plus four option years.  The Government anticipates multiple awards.  This is an open solicitation but small business consideration will be given to offerors able to meet requirements of the solicitation.  NAICS code is 622110, $31.5M.  The expected posting date for the solicitation is 12/4/07.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/AtlVAMC/VAMCCO80220/VA-247-08-RP-0042/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>robelto.joshua@va.gov
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Heartland Network
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Heartland Network
<ZIP>66048
<CLASSCOD>U
<NAICS>541690
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;VISN 15 Contracting Office (Eastern);VA Medical Center;#1 Jefferson Barracks Drive;St. Louis, MO 63125-4199
<SUBJECT>U--Professional Support Services, Human Behavior,Harry S. Truman Memorial VA Medical CenterColumbia, MO
<SOLNBR>VA-255-08-RQ-0084
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>12272007
<CONTACT>Karen Munroe, Contracting Officer Phone: 314-894-6610, Fax: 314-894-6589 Karen.Munroe@va.gov
<DESC>THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTENT, NOT A REQUEST FOR A PROPOSAL.  A SOLICITATION DOCUMENT WILL NOT BE ISSUED AND PROPOSALS WILL NOT BE REQUESTED.  The VA Heartland Network 15 has a requirement for professional support services on improvement of Human Behavior for Nursing Staff, Harry S. Truman Memorial VA Medical Center, Columbia, MO using the Temenos? Organizational Excellence Survey (OES).   The facility has received a positive momentum generated from the original services provided by Temenos Inc. and the need to continue exists in order to affect a positive outcome facility-wide with front line nursing staff.  This procurement includes two segments.  Segment One includes on-site professional services with training (Train the Trainer) and development tools. Segment Two includes virtual support as needed for three months after trainers start to deliver on their own.  On-site sessions focus on a) evaluation of the program's impact to date; b) share and learn session; and c) identification of action steps to increase impact of the program for the future.  The Government intends to negotiate the requirement with Temenos Inc., 37 Kawananakoa Place, Honolulu, HI  96817.  The sole source determination is based upon exclusive survey, feedback and analysis tools developed by Temenos Inc.  Temenos has developed and will provide permission to reproduce the Temenos Organization Excellence Survey (O.E.S.) and the Behavior Minder Feedback and Relationship Management Tool.  The behavior tools are exclusive with Temenos. The North American Industry Classification (NAICS) Code is 541690 and the Size Standard is $6.5 M.  The acquisition is being conducted under FAR Part 13.5 Test Program; simplified acquisition procedures apply.  It is noted that FAR Part 6, Competition Requirement is not applicable to simplified acquisitions.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.  Interested parties are requested to review the above requirements, and submit a statement of interest that must be submitted on or before December 12, 2007, 4:00 p.m. CST.  The determination by the Government not to compete the contract based upon responses to this notice is solely with the discretion of the Government.  Comments to this announcement, referencing synopsis number RFQ VA-255-08-RQ-0084, may be submitted via e-mail to Karen.Munroe@va.gov or to the VA Heartland Network 15, Eastern Orbit, VA Medical Center, 90AA/JB, #1 Jefferson Barracks Drive, St. Louis, MO 63125-4199, Attn: Karen Munroe,
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/LeVAMC/VAMCKS/VA-255-08-RQ-0084/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>karen.munroe@va.gov
<DESC>Contracting Officer
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>65201-5275
<POPADDRESS>Harry S. Truman Memorial VA Medical Center;800 Hospital Drive;Columbia, MO
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Long Beach VANLO
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs
<ZIP>90822
<CLASSCOD>Q
<NAICS>624120
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Network 22 Logistics Office;5901 E. 7th Street;Long Beach CA  90822
<SUBJECT>Q--ADULT DAY HEALTH CARE (ADHC)
<SOLNBR>VA-262-08-RQ-0063JG
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Jaime Guzman Contract Specialist 562-826-5011
<DESC>The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network 22 Logistics Office in Long Beach, California seeks contractors interested in providing a quote for a firm, fixed-price, indefinite quantity, indefinite delivery service contract (Commercial Item FAR Part 12) to provide Adult Day Health Care (ADHC) services to veteran beneficiaries authorized by the VA Loma Linda Healthcare System. The Contractor shall furnish all necessary personnel, supervision, materials, supplies, equipment and the facility to provide ADHC Services to veteran beneficiaries who reside in the geographical catchment area of Riverside, California. The performance period of the contract shall include a one (1) year base period with the Government having the option to extend the anticipated service contract for at least two (2) one-year renewal periods. The Solicitations shall be available on or about December 19, 2007. Solicitation, amendments and other miscellaneous documents shall be posted on FedBizOpps (http://www.fbo.gov).  Each contractor shall be responsible for reviewing the web page for notice of amendments, updates, or changes to current information. For questions, please contact Jaime Guzman, Contract Specialist at 562-826-5011 or via email at jaime.guzman@va.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/LBVANBC/VAMD/VA-262-08-RQ-0063JG/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>jaime.guzman@va.gov
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Minneapolis VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>55417
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>238330
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;VA Midwest Health Care System;Attention: Network Contract Manager;One Veterans Drive, Building 68;Minneapolis MN  55417
<SUBJECT>Z--BUILDING 9 FINISHES PROJECT
<SOLNBR>VA-263-08-RP-0096
<RESPDATE>010708
<ARCHDATE>02062008
<CONTACT>Michael Owen Contract Specialist 612-467-2190
<DESC>VA263-08-RP-0096 Floor Coverings - Construction - Z Set-Aside: 100% SDVOSB  .. This announcement constitutes the only notice that will be published for this project. One (1) set of contracting and specification documents and drawings will be handed to each registered firm at the site visit only.  No specifications or drawings will be sent or distributed electronically, via the U.S. Mail, overnight courier, delivery service or other means except in person. Prospective offerors must request a set of specs and drawings prior to the site visit and must refer to RFP VA263-08-RP-0096 in their e-mail request.  See e-mail address below.  The government will consider all proposals received.  The Government anticipates entering into negotiations with a SDVOSB firm for the following construction project: The contractor shall provide all labor, materials, and equipment to accomplish the removal and disposal of existing carpeting, the carpet base from the Second and Third floors of Building 9, at the Minneapolis VA Medical Center, Minneapolis, MN. Install Bolyu Pizzazz carpet tile in office areas, Bolyu Dazzle carpet tiles in the corridor space.  On the Second floor outside of the elevators and in conference Room 200 add a border carpet where noted on drawings as well as using the Pizzazz pattern carpet tile.  At the same time another contractor will be replacing wall covering in the offices on the Third floor and work will have to coordinated accordingly.  SPECIAL WORK HOURS: the Second floor removal and installation will occur after 4:30 pm and will be completed over five (5) nights.  The Third floor can be done during normal working hours.  Magnitude of the project: $25,000 to $100,000.  Site Visit is scheduled for Monday, December 17, 2007 at 10:00 a.m. CT. VA will conduct the procurement according to a combination of FAR Part 15, Contracting by Negotiation and Part 36, Construction and Architect-Engineer Contracts as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.     NAICS code is 238330 and the small business size standard is $13.0M.  Award will be a firm fixed-price contract with progress payments. The government will award to obtain the best value for the government, price, price-related factors and technical capability considered.  Technical capability is significantly more important that price or price related factors.   Following the site visit completed proposals are to be submitted to Michael Owen, Contracting Officer (90C), VISN 23 Contracting and Purchasing Office, VAMC, One Veterans Drive, Building 68, Minneapolis, MN  55417 by 4:30 p.m. January 7, 2008. Electronic submittals WILL NOT be accepted.  Point of contact/ Request for Specs and Drawings contact Michael Owen at michael.owen@va.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/MiVAMC618/MiVAMC618/VA-263-08-RP-0096/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>michael.owen@va.gov
<DESC>CONTRACTING OFFICER
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>55417
<POPADDRESS>ONE VETERANS DRIVE;MINNEAPOLIS, MN
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Health Administration Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Health Administration Center
<ZIP>80209
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>511210
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Health Administration Center;3773 Cherry Creek Drive North, Suite 470;Denver CO  80209
<SUBJECT>D--NCPDP - Pharmacy Database Subscription
<SOLNBR>VA-741-08-RP-0009
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>01102008
<CONTACT>Jan Bertapelle-Anderson Contract Specialist 303.398.5158
<DESC>The VA Health Administration Center (HAC) located in Denver, Colorado, intends to negotiate a sole source procurement with the National Council for Prescription Drug Programs, Inc (NCPDP) for a 1- year subscription for their Pharmacy Database.  This database is required to insure a standardized and HIPAA compliant database for the HAC. This is a notice of intent and not a request for quotes.  No solicitation document is available and telephone requests will not be accepted.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VAHAC741/VAHAC741/VA-741-08-RP-0009/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Janice.Bertapelle-Anderson@va.gov
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Cemetery Administration Construction Support Division
<LOCATION>VA National Cemetery Administration
<ZIP>20420
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>721110
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;National Cemetery Administration;Construction Support Division (41D3B);810 Vermont Avenue, NW;Washington DC  20420
<SUBJECT>X--NCA ANNUAL CONFERENCE - NEW ORLEANS, LACONFERENCE ROOMS, AV EQUIPMENT, REFRESHMENTS,AND HOTEL ROOMS FOR 250-275 PEOPLE
<SOLNBR>VA-786A-08-RQ-0012
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>02192008
<CONTACT>DIANE CAMPBELL OR BRYAN RAMSO (202) 565-4220 OR (202) 565-4252 CONFERENCE INFO: VICKY HOLLY PH. 202-461-6240
<DESC>The Department of Veterans Affairs, National Cemetery Administration is seeking a contractor to provide services to accommodate the annual NCA Conference in New Orleans, Louisiana.  Conference is scheduled for July 20 through July 25, 2008.  Services will be for approximately 250 - 275 people.  The NCA will need conference rooms; audio visual equipment and services; morning and afternoon break refreshments; food and beverages for a reception to be held on the first night of the conference.  Issue date for this solicitation is Friday, December 7, 2007.  Response date is established as Friday, December 21, 2007 at 2:00 pm EST.  Contractors interested in submitting a Request For Quotation for this solicitation, VA-786A-08-RQ-0012, should submit their quotes to:  USPS Address:  Contracting Officer, CSD/41D3B, 810 Vermont Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20420.  Physical Address if hand delivered is:  Contracting Officer, CSD/41D3B, 811 Vermont Ave., NW, Washington, DC 20571-0001.  Contractors should send an original plus one copy  Points of contact:  Contracting Officer is Diane Campbell, ph.  (202) 565-4220 (email:  diane.campbell@va.gov).  For technical information concerning the conference, please call Vicky Holly at (202) 461-6240 (email:  Vicky.holly@va.gov)
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VANCAVACO/VaNca101/VA-786A-08-RQ-0012/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>diane.campbell@va.gov
<DESC>Chief, Construction Support
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>99999
<POPADDRESS>NEW ORLEANS, LA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Office of Construction & Facilities Management
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Facilities Management
<ZIP>20420
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531210
<OFFADD>Real Property Service (00CFM3C);810 Vermont Ave., NW;Washington, DC  20420
<SUBJECT>X--U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS_EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 6-8 ACRES OF LAND_TO CONSTRUCT AN OUTPATIENT CLINIC
<SOLNBR>VA101-08-RP-0028
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Tel.  (202) 654-7024 FAX  (202) 654-7030
<DESC>U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 6-8 ACRES OF LAND TO CONSTRUCT AN OUTPATIENT CLINIC VA is seeking Expressions of Interest for land located in the Las Vegas, NV, metropolitan market to accommodate construction of a leased outpatient clinic. VA prefers a site of 6 to 8 developable acres capable of accommodating a 25,309 net usable square foot (30,370 gross square foot) building with on-site parking for approximately 200 vehicles.  VA will also consider acceptance of a donated site. VA prefers to enter into an assignable land option for the purchase of a fee simple site but may consider build-to-suit sites and ground lease sites if deemed beneficial to VA.   VA prefers a site located within the following delineated area (submarket) but reserves the right to accept a site outside of the submarket.  Northwest Site (Solicitation No. VA101-08-RP-0028): North - Grand Teton Drive South - Alexander Road East - Jones Boulevard West - Durango Drive EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST SHOULD INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION, AS KNOWN OR AVAILABLE.  PLEASE NOTE THAT TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE, SO PLEASE PROVIDE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE TO ENABLE VA TO EVALUATE YOUR SITE(S).  VA RESERVES THE RIGHT TO ELIMINATE A SITE IF INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION IS PROVIDED. 1.  Site location, address and current zoning designation. 2.  Size of parcel and amount (or range) of usable acreage offered.  Specify net, in addition to, gross area. 3.  Site plan, survey and/or plat map of the site indicating the location of the parcel offered.  Site plan should include location of utilities, any easements (above and below ground), environmental/soil issues, adjacent roads, and/or other encumbrances affecting the potential development of the parcel. 4.  Include any grading, drainage or sewer plans that have been or will be completed in the future. 5.  Access to site from major transportation routes and public transportation routes. 6.  Site aerials/renderings. 7.  Describe any future development affecting the site including neighboring projects and road/public utility line construction. 8.  Specific information on site ownership and any known title issues, defects, deed restrictions and encumbrances. PLEASE PROVIDE BRIEF EXPLANATIONS/CLARIFICATIONS OF THE FOLLOWING ISSUES. 1.  The availability of utilities to the site including water, sewer, gas, electric and fiber optics. 2.  Information on any moratoriums affecting the ability to permit, construct, and/or operate an outpatient clinic on the site such as a "water moratorium". 3.  Confirm the site has proper zoning for an outpatient clinic.  Clarify if any zoning changes, variances, or special exceptions are required for an outpatient clinic including the estimated period of time necessary to complete such entitlement process.  Clarify any known county proffer obligations with the site. 4.  Describe any environmental issues known to exist on the site and any remediation efforts taken or to-be-taken. 5.  Provide evidence that the site offered is outside the 100-year flood zone.  Clarify if the site contains any wetlands (as defined and may be certified by FEMA). 6.  Explain any known factors that might prohibit the permitting, construction and/or operation of an outpatient clinic on the site offered. 7.  State whether site is being offered as an assignable land option to purchase, build-to-suit and/or ground lease.  Please also state asking prices for a sale or ground lease, as applicable.  Please note that VA will not pay more than appraised market value for the site or ground rent, as applicable. 8.  Confirm that ownership currently owns and controls the site. State whether ownership has title to property, is under contract, retains an option to purchase, etc.  Offeror and/or firm submitting Expressions of Interest should state their relationship to the site (for example, owner, broker, legal representative, etc.).  If Offeror is not the legal owner of the site, please provide documentation from owner that you are authorized to offer the site and will receive any compensation for your efforts from the owner.  VA staff may conduct a market survey of offered sites that meet the government's specific evaluation criteria. It is requested that interested Offerors submit two (2) copies of the information concerning their properties to Mr. Brad Seifert by mail, fax, or e-mail by 3:00 p.m. EST on Friday, December 14, 2007, as follows.  VA reserves the right to consider sites offered after this date that are beneficial to the government or to reject such sites. Also, any persons or firms submitting or considering the submission of a site are encouraged to contact the following brokers with any questions or clarifications regarding this notice including the ability to respond to the information requested in this notice. Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7024 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail:  bseifert@ppwashdc.com Or  Mr. Ben Butler, Principal Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7022 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail: bbutler@ppwashdc.com RESPONDENTS ARE ADVISED THAT VA ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION TO CONSIDER A SITE BASED UPON RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/vacoofmae/vacoofmae/VA101-08-RP-0028/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>bseifert@ppwashdc.com
<DESC>Brad Seifert, Public Properties LLC
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>00000
<POPADDRESS>Las Vegas, NV
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Office of Construction & Facilities Management
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Facilities Management
<ZIP>20420
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531210
<OFFADD>Real Property Service (00CFM3C);810 Vermont Ave., NW;Washington, DC  20420
<SUBJECT>X--U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS_EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 6-8 ACRES OF LAND_TO CONSTRUCT AN OUTPATIENT CLINIC
<SOLNBR>VA101-08-RP-0029
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Tel.  (202) 654-7024 FAX  (202) 654-7030
<DESC>U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 6-8 ACRES OF LAND TO CONSTRUCT AN OUTPATIENT CLINIC VA is seeking Expressions of Interest for land located in the Las Vegas, NV, metropolitan market to accommodate construction of a leased outpatient clinic. VA prefers a site of 6 to 8 developable acres capable of accommodating a 25,309 net usable square foot (30,370 gross square foot) building with on-site parking for approximately 200 vehicles.  VA will also consider acceptance of a donated site. VA prefers to enter into an assignable land option for the purchase of a fee simple site but may consider build-to-suit sites and ground lease sites if deemed beneficial to VA.   VA prefers a site located within the following delineated area (submarket) but reserves the right to accept a site outside of the submarket.  Northeast Site (Solicitation No. VA101-08-RP-0029): North - Cheyenne Avenue  South - Twain Avenue  East - Nellis Boulevard West - Eastern Avenue EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST SHOULD INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION, AS KNOWN OR AVAILABLE.  PLEASE NOTE THAT TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE, SO PLEASE PROVIDE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE TO ENABLE VA TO EVALUATE YOUR SITE(S).  VA RESERVES THE RIGHT TO ELIMINATE A SITE IF INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION IS PROVIDED. 1.  Site location, address and current zoning designation. 2.  Size of parcel and amount (or range) of usable acreage offered.  Specify net, in addition to, gross area. 3.  Site plan, survey and/or plat map of the site indicating the location of the parcel offered.  Site plan should include location of utilities, any easements (above and below ground), environmental/soil issues, adjacent roads, and/or other encumbrances affecting the potential development of the parcel. 4.  Include any grading, drainage or sewer plans that have been or will be completed in the future. 5.  Access to site from major transportation routes and public transportation routes. 6.  Site aerials/renderings. 7.  Describe any future development affecting the site including neighboring projects and road/public utility line construction. 8.  Specific information on site ownership and any known title issues, defects, deed restrictions and encumbrances. PLEASE PROVIDE BRIEF EXPLANATIONS/CLARIFICATIONS OF THE FOLLOWING ISSUES. 1.  The availability of utilities to the site including water, sewer, gas, electric and fiber optics. 2.  Information on any moratoriums affecting the ability to permit, construct, and/or operate an outpatient clinic on the site such as a "water moratorium". 3.  Confirm the site has proper zoning for an outpatient clinic.  Clarify if any zoning changes, variances, or special exceptions are required for an outpatient clinic including the estimated period of time necessary to complete such entitlement process.  Clarify any known county proffer obligations with the site. 4.  Describe any environmental issues known to exist on the site and any remediation efforts taken or to-be-taken. 5.  Provide evidence that the site offered is outside the 100-year flood zone.  Clarify if the site contains any wetlands (as defined and may be certified by FEMA). 6.  Explain any known factors that might prohibit the permitting, construction and/or operation of an outpatient clinic on the site offered. 7.  State whether site is being offered as an assignable land option to purchase, build-to-suit and/or ground lease.  Please also state asking prices for a sale or ground lease, as applicable.  Please note that VA will not pay more than appraised market value for the site or ground rent, as applicable. 8.  Confirm that ownership currently owns and controls the site. State whether ownership has title to property, is under contract, retains an option to purchase, etc.  Offeror and/or firm submitting Expressions of Interest should state their relationship to the site (for example, owner, broker, legal representative, etc.).  If Offeror is not the legal owner of the site, please provide documentation from owner that you are authorized to offer the site and will receive any compensation for your efforts from the owner.  VA staff may conduct a market survey of offered sites that meet the government's specific evaluation criteria. It is requested that interested Offerors submit two (2) copies of the information concerning their properties to Mr. Brad Seifert by mail, fax, or e-mail by 3:00 p.m. EST on Friday, December 14, 2007, as follows.  VA reserves the right to consider sites offered after this date that are beneficial to the government or to reject such sites. Also, any persons or firms submitting or considering the submission of a site are encouraged to contact the following brokers with any questions or clarifications regarding this notice including the ability to respond to the information requested in this notice. Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7024 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail:  bseifert@ppwashdc.com Or  Mr. Ben Butler, Principal Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7022 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail: bbutler@ppwashdc.com RESPONDENTS ARE ADVISED THAT VA ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION TO CONSIDER A SITE BASED UPON RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/vacoofmae/vacoofmae/VA101-08-RP-0029/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>bseifert@ppwashdc.com
<DESC>Brad Seifert, Public Properties LLC
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>00000
<POPADDRESS>Las Vegas, NV
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Office of Construction & Facilities Management
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Facilities Management
<ZIP>20420
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531210
<OFFADD>REAL PROPERTY SERVICE (00CFM3C);810 VERMONT AVE, NW;WASHINGTON, DC  20420
<SUBJECT>X--U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS_EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 6-8 ACRES OF LAND_TO CONSTRUCT AN OUTPATIENT CLINIC
<SOLNBR>VA101-08-RP-0030
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Tel.  (202) 654-7024 FAX  (202) 654-7030
<DESC>U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 6-8 ACRES OF LAND TO CONSTRUCT AN OUTPATIENT CLINIC VA is seeking Expressions of Interest for land located in the Las Vegas, NV, metropolitan market to accommodate construction of a leased outpatient clinic.  VA prefers a site of 6 to 8 developable acres capable of accommodating a 25,309 net usable square foot (30,370 gross square foot) building with on-site parking for approximately 200 vehicles.  VA will also consider acceptance of a donated site. VA prefers to enter into an assignable land option for the purchase of a fee simple site but may consider build-to-suit sites and ground lease sites if deemed beneficial to VA.   VA prefers a site located within the following delineated area (submarket) but reserves the right to accept a site outside of the submarket.  Southwest Site (Solicitation No. VA101-08-RP-0030): North - Tropicana Avenue South - Warm Springs Road East - Rainbow Boulevard West - Fort Apache Road EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST SHOULD INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION, AS KNOWN OR AVAILABLE.  PLEASE NOTE THAT TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE, SO PLEASE PROVIDE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE TO ENABLE VA TO EVALUATE YOUR SITE(S).  VA RESERVES THE RIGHT TO ELIMINATE A SITE IF INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION IS PROVIDED. 1.  Site location, address and current zoning designation. 2.  Size of parcel and amount (or range) of usable acreage offered.  Specify net, in addition to, gross area. 3.  Site plan, survey and/or plat map of the site indicating the location of the parcel offered.  Site plan should include location of utilities, any easements (above and below ground), environmental/soil issues, adjacent roads, and/or other encumbrances affecting the potential development of the parcel. 4.  Include any grading, drainage or sewer plans that have been or will be completed in the future. 5.  Access to site from major transportation routes and public transportation routes. 6.  Site aerials/renderings. 7.  Describe any future development affecting the site including neighboring projects and road/public utility line construction. 8.  Specific information on site ownership and any known title issues, defects, deed restrictions and encumbrances. PLEASE PROVIDE BRIEF EXPLANATIONS/CLARIFICATIONS OF THE FOLLOWING ISSUES. 1.  The availability of utilities to the site including water, sewer, gas, electric and fiber optics. 2.  Information on any moratoriums affecting the ability to permit, construct, and/or operate an outpatient clinic on the site such as a "water moratorium". 3.  Confirm the site has proper zoning for an outpatient clinic.  Clarify if any zoning changes, variances, or special exceptions are required for an outpatient clinic including the estimated period of time necessary to complete such entitlement process.  Clarify any known county proffer obligations with the site. 4.  Describe any environmental issues known to exist on the site and any remediation efforts taken or to-be-taken. 5.  Provide evidence that the site offered is outside the 100-year flood zone.  Clarify if the site contains any wetlands (as defined and may be certified by FEMA). 6.  Explain any known factors that might prohibit the permitting, construction and/or operation of an outpatient clinic on the site offered. 7.  State whether site is being offered as an assignable land option to purchase, build-to-suit and/or ground lease.  Please also state asking prices for a sale or ground lease, as applicable.  Please note that VA will not pay more than appraised market value for the site or ground rent, as applicable. 8.  Confirm that ownership currently owns and controls the site. State whether ownership has title to property, is under contract, retains an option to purchase, etc.  Offeror and/or firm submitting Expressions of Interest should state their relationship to the site (for example, owner, broker, legal representative, etc.).  If Offeror is not the legal owner of the site, please provide documentation from owner that you are authorized to offer the site and will receive any compensation for your efforts from the owner.  VA staff may conduct a market survey of offered sites that meet the government's specific evaluation criteria. It is requested that interested Offerors submit two (2) copies of the information concerning their properties to Mr. Brad Seifert by mail, fax, or e-mail by 3:00 p.m. EST on Friday, December 14, 2007, as follows.  VA reserves the right to consider sites offered after this date that are beneficial to the government or to reject such sites. Also, any persons or firms submitting or considering the submission of a site are encouraged to contact the following brokers with any questions or clarifications regarding this notice including the ability to respond to the information requested in this notice. Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7024 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail:  bseifert@ppwashdc.com Or  Mr. Ben Butler, Principal Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7022 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail: bbutler@ppwashdc.com RESPONDENTS ARE ADVISED THAT VA ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION TO CONSIDER A SITE BASED UPON RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/vacoofmae/vacoofmae/VA101-08-RP-0030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>bseifert@ppwashdc.com
<DESC>Brad Seifert, Public Properties, LLC
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>00000
<POPADDRESS>Las Vegas, NV
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Office of Construction & Facilities Management
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Facilities Management
<ZIP>20420
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531210
<OFFADD>Real Property Service (00CFM3C);810 Vermont Avenue, NW;Washington, DC  20420
<SUBJECT>X--U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS_EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 6-8 ACRES OF LAND_TO CONSTRUCT AN OUTPATIENT CLINIC
<SOLNBR>VA101-08-RP-0031
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Tel.  (202) 654-7024 FAX  (202) 654-7030
<DESC>U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) SEEKS EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST FOR 6-8 ACRES OF LAND TO CONSTRUCT AN OUTPATIENT CLINIC VA is seeking Expressions of Interest for land located in the Las Vegas, NV, metropolitan market to accommodate construction of a leased outpatient clinic. VA prefers a site of 6 to 8 developable acres capable of accommodating a 25,309 net usable square foot (30,370 gross square foot) building with on-site parking for approximately 200 vehicles.  VA will also consider acceptance of a donated site. VA prefers to enter into an assignable land option for the purchase of a fee simple site but may consider build-to-suit sites and ground lease sites if deemed beneficial to VA.   VA prefers a site located within the following delineated area (submarket) but reserves the right to accept a site outside of the submarket.  Southeast Site (Solicitation No. VA101-08-RP-0031): North - Sunset Road South - Horizon Drive  East - Center Street West - Stephanie Street EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST SHOULD INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION, AS KNOWN OR AVAILABLE.  PLEASE NOTE THAT TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE, SO PLEASE PROVIDE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE TO ENABLE VA TO EVALUATE YOUR SITE(S).  VA RESERVES THE RIGHT TO ELIMINATE A SITE IF INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION IS PROVIDED. 1.  Site location, address and current zoning designation. 2.  Size of parcel and amount (or range) of usable acreage offered.  Specify net, in addition to, gross area. 3.  Site plan, survey and/or plat map of the site indicating the location of the parcel offered.  Site plan should include location of utilities, any easements (above and below ground), environmental/soil issues, adjacent roads, and/or other encumbrances affecting the potential development of the parcel. 4.  Include any grading, drainage or sewer plans that have been or will be completed in the future. 5.  Access to site from major transportation routes and public transportation routes. 6.  Site aerials/renderings. 7.  Describe any future development affecting the site including neighboring projects and road/public utility line construction. 8.  Specific information on site ownership and any known title issues, defects, deed restrictions and encumbrances. PLEASE PROVIDE BRIEF EXPLANATIONS/CLARIFICATIONS OF THE FOLLOWING ISSUES. 1.  The availability of utilities to the site including water, sewer, gas, electric and fiber optics. 2.  Information on any moratoriums affecting the ability to permit, construct, and/or operate an outpatient clinic on the site such as a "water moratorium". 3.  Confirm the site has proper zoning for an outpatient clinic.  Clarify if any zoning changes, variances, or special exceptions are required for an outpatient clinic including the estimated period of time necessary to complete such entitlement process.  Clarify any known county proffer obligations with the site. 4.  Describe any environmental issues known to exist on the site and any remediation efforts taken or to-be-taken. 5.  Provide evidence that the site offered is outside the 100-year flood zone.  Clarify if the site contains any wetlands (as defined and may be certified by FEMA). 6.  Explain any known factors that might prohibit the permitting, construction and/or operation of an outpatient clinic on the site offered. 7.  State whether site is being offered as an assignable land option to purchase, build-to-suit and/or ground lease.  Please also state asking prices for a sale or ground lease, as applicable.  Please note that VA will not pay more than appraised market value for the site or ground rent, as applicable. 8.  Confirm that ownership currently owns and controls the site. State whether ownership has title to property, is under contract, retains an option to purchase, etc.  Offeror and/or firm submitting Expressions of Interest should state their relationship to the site (for example, owner, broker, legal representative, etc.).  If Offeror is not the legal owner of the site, please provide documentation from owner that you are authorized to offer the site and will receive any compensation for your efforts from the owner.  VA staff may conduct a market survey of offered sites that meet the government's specific evaluation criteria. It is requested that interested Offerors submit two (2) copies of the information concerning their properties to Mr. Brad Seifert by mail, fax, or e-mail by 3:00 p.m. EST on Friday, December 14, 2007, as follows.  VA reserves the right to consider sites offered after this date that are beneficial to the government or to reject such sites. Also, any persons or firms submitting or considering the submission of a site are encouraged to contact the following brokers with any questions or clarifications regarding this notice including the ability to respond to the information requested in this notice. Mr. Brad Seifert, Senior Associate Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7024 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail:  bseifert@ppwashdc.com Or  Mr. Ben Butler, Principal Public Properties LLC 509 7th Street, NW, 5th Floor Washington, DC  20004 Telephone:  202-654-7022 FAX:  202-654-7030 E-Mail: bbutler@ppwashdc.com RESPONDENTS ARE ADVISED THAT VA ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION TO CONSIDER A SITE BASED UPON RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/vacoofmae/vacoofmae/VA101-08-RP-0031/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>bseifert@ppwashdc.com
<DESC>Brad Seifert, Public Properties LLC
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>00000
<POPADDRESS>Las Vegas, NV
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<OFFADD>DISA/DITCO/PL8, P.O. Box 25857, Scott AFB, IL  62225-5406
<SUBJECT>D--INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES, INCLUDING COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
<SOLNBR>VARIOUS-04-Dec-2007
<ARCHDATE>12082007
<CONTACT>Point of Contact - https://www.ditco.disa.mil/dcop/Public/ASP/dcop.asp
<DESC>The Defense Information Technology Contracting Organization (DITCO) contracts for long haul telecommunications services with regulated and  non-regulated service providers and US International Carriers (USICs) on  behalf of the Department of Defense and various other Federal agencies for  lease of telecommunications services and ancillary equipment at locations  within the 48 Contiguous United States (CONUS), Hawaii, Alaska, US  Territories and Possessions, and international locations.   Telecommunications requirements are received daily by DITCO and  solicitations are posted to the DISA Contracting Opportunities web site.   Requirements processed by DITCO normally include a wide spectrum of  long-haul telecommunications services such as:  business lines and dial  tone services, local area access, Intrastate and Interstate point-to-point  services, switched services, domestic and international long distance  services, 800 Services, Frame Relay Services, Asynchronous Transfer Mode  (ATM) services, Packet Switched Data Services, video services, Integrated  Switched Digital Network (ISDN) services.  Analog services are typically  3-Khz voice grade circuits, while digital services range from 9.6 KBS  (narrowband) to OC-N (wideband) circuits.  The capability to browse all  "Inquiries" (solicitations) currently posted on the DISA Contracting  Opportunities web site is available to all companies without the need to  register in the DITCO system.  The Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the  Contracting Opportunities Web Site is https://www.ditco.disa.mil/dcop.   If you plan on submitting a quote to any solicitation, you must first  register on the DISA Contracting Opportunities Web Site to obtain a User  ID and Password execute a basic agreement with DITCO.  Basic Agreements,  and instructions for executing Basic Agreements, can be obtained via the  Contracting Opportunities Home Page under the Publications link. DITCO  attempts to acquire all components for each telecommunications service  requirement from a single source.  DITCO utilizes a streamlined  "Inquiry/Quote/Order" (IQO) process to solicit contractor quotes and issue  "Orders" for required telecommunications services and equipment. Under the  IQO process, DITCO provides an "Inquiry" inviting companies to submit  quotations for delivery of specified telecommunications requirements.  The  "Inquiry" contains the technical information necessary to describe the  Government's requirement, along with the requested service date, and  solicits quotes from industry.  The "Quote" confirms the company's ability  to provide the requested service and equipment, identifies the time  interval in which the service and equipment can be provided, and provides  the applicable charges and Uniform Service Order Codes (USOCs).  After  evaluation of the "Quotes", an "Order" is prepared and issued to the  company whose "Quote" best conforms to the requirements of the Inquiry.   The "Order" forms the contract which is referred to as a Communications  Service Authorization (CSA).  Each CSA includes details about the  telecommunications services/equipment being acquired and also incorporates  contract terms and conditions prescribed by the Federal Acquisition  Regulation (FAR), Department of Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS), and agency  regulations. To expedite the acquisition process, a basic agreement, which  includes general contract terms and conditions, is negotiated between  DITCO and the company.  This basic agreement is referenced in each  order/CSA issued to the company and incorporates the general contract  terms and conditions previously negotiated.  Additional specialized terms  and conditions may be incorporated into a CSA as required to satisfy  unique needs.  The normal practice is to allow companies to provide their  "Quote" within 14 business days from the date a requirement is posted on  the web.  However, for critical National Security requirements, a shorter  interval may be required. In situations where it is determined and  justified that only one company can satisfy a particular requirement,  DITCO may issue a non-competitive Inquiry or Direct Order to that company.   The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for these  telecommunications services requirements is 517110.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/VARIOUS-04-Dec-2007/listing.html
<DESC>Defense Information Technology Contracting Organization, Scott AFB, IL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07
<ZIP>07703-5008
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>335931
<OFFADD>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07, ATTN:  AMSEL-AC, Building 1208, Fort Monmouth, NJ  07703-5008
<SUBJECT>53--Pre-Solicitation Notice - Distribution Box
<SOLNBR>W15P7T08RL402
<RESPDATE>122707
<ARCHDATE>02252008
<CONTACT>Navondi Bridges, 732-427-1371
<DESC>Synopsis - The United States Army Communication Electronics Life Cycle Management Command (CECOM) intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract on a competitive basis for Distribution Boxes (J-2317 ),  NSN 6110-00-937-4964, drawing number SC-D-555826. The propos ed action shall be for a minimum quantity of 38 units with an option for additional quantities if the Government chooses to exercise the option. The initial minimum quantity will be for 15 units to be delivered within 150 days after contract award; with th e remaining quantity of  23 units to be delivered 180 days after contract award. This action is a 100% small business set aside. The Government intends to award using Reverse Auction procedures. The solicitation number assigned to this effort is W15P7T-08-R-L402  and is expected to be issued on or about 15 days after this notice. The e stimated award date of this procurement is 14 Feb 2008.  All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered by the agency. All parties interested in doing business with CECOM are invited to access, operate, send and receive information from the IBOP at https://abop.monmouth.army.mil  Registration for a user ID and password will be necessary in order to access this webpage. Please contact IBOP helpdesk toll free at 1-800-414-2677 for assistance. Questions regarding requirements for this distribution boxes effort should be made to the Contract Specialist  Navondi  Bridges; email navondi.bridges@us.army.mil; telephone number (732) 427-1371.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAB07/W15P7T08RL402/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>navondi.bridges@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>07703-5008
<POPADDRESS>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07 ATTN:  AMSEL-AC, Building 1208 Fort Monmouth NJ
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<ZIP>61299-7630
<CLASSCOD>10
<NAICS>333314
<OFFADD>TACOM - Rock Island, ATTN:  AMSTA-AQ-AR, Rock Island Arsenal, Rock Island, IL  61299-7630
<SUBJECT>10--40mm Laser Filter Unit with Anti-Reflection Device, NSN:  1240-01-537-6986, Part Number:  13010579
<SOLNBR>W52H09-08-R-0098
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>02162008
<CONTACT>Ann Hamerlinck, (309) 782-3946
<DESC>This is to procure 1,400 Each 40mm Laser Filter Unit with Anti-Reflection Device (ARD) for use on M110 System with a 100% Option.  FOB Destination.  This requirment for the 40mm Laser Filter with ARD is Classified at the Secret Level.  Any bidder tha t does not have the proper Security Clearance will not be considered for contract award.  In addition, any bidder that has the proper security clearance but did not request the classified LFU code drawing will not be considered for contract award.  This so licitation will be issued electronically in accordance with FAR 4.501, 5.102 (a) (7) and 14.205-1(c) therefore hardcopies will not be provided.  Vendors wishing an electronic copy may download it on or after the issue date by accessing the following addres s via the internet: http://aais.ria.army.mil/aais/SOLINFO/index.htm Caution:  This solicitation will be electronically and any amendments thereto.  Because of this, the Government is under no obligation and is in fact unable to maintain a bidders list.  It  is therfore incumbent upon any interested parties to periodically access the above internet address in order to obtain any amendments which may be issued.  Failure to obtain any said amendments and to respond to them prior to the date and time set for bid  opening/receipt of proposals may render your bid or proposal nonresponsive and result in the rejection of the same.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE20/W52H09-08-R-0098/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>ann.hamerlinck@us.army.mil
<DESC>TACOM - Rock Island
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>61299-7630
<POPADDRESS>TACOM - Rock Island ATTN:  AMSTA-AQ-AR, Rock Island Arsenal Rock Island IL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<ZIP>61299-7630
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>334210
<OFFADD>TACOM - Rock Island, ATTN:  AMSTA-AQ-AR, Rock Island Arsenal, Rock Island, IL  61299-7630
<SUBJECT>61--Ethernet Switchbox for M1200 Knight System
<SOLNBR>W52H09-08-T-0101
<RESPDATE>122007
<ARCHDATE>02182008
<CONTACT>Kyle McFarland, 309-782-0909
<DESC>Procurement of the following: Switchbox, Ethernet, NSN: 6110-01-541-3652, PN: TOUGHSWITCH 3, 5 each.  This procurement is sole source to Astro-Med, Inc. because the technical data is proprietary.  Offers from concerns other than the above are not sol icited.  However, proposals form responsible sources shall be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE20/W52H09-08-T-0101/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>kyle.mcfarland@conus.army.mil
<DESC>TACOM - Rock Island
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>61299-7630
<POPADDRESS>TACOM - Rock Island ATTN:  AMSTA-AQ-AR, Rock Island Arsenal Rock Island IL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Sustainment Command
<ZIP>61299-6500
<CLASSCOD>95
<NAICS>423510
<OFFADD>US Army Sustainment Command, ATTN:  AMSFS-CCA, Rock Island, IL  61299-6500
<SUBJECT>95--Steel, Sheet Metal for MHU 187 Pallets
<SOLNBR>W52P1J-08-Q-3011
<RESPDATE>011708
<ARCHDATE>03172008
<CONTACT>Michelle Talbot, 309-782-7363
<DESC>North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code 423510, FSC 9515.  CLIN 0001:  Steel, Sheet Metal, for use in the MHU 187 Pallet, IAW ASTM A1011/A1011M, hot rolled commercial quality steel Type B, 12 Gage (.1046 inch) X 48 inches X 120 inc hes, quantity of 1,450 sheets. Certificate of testing MUST accompany shipment and metal MUST be free of varnish, paint, markings, and rust. All shipments MUST be covered with tarps during transporting. CLIN 0002:  Steel, Sheet Metal, for use in the MHU 187  Pallet, IAW ASTM A1011/A1011M, hot rolled commercial quality steel Type B, 11 Gage (.1196 inch) X 36 inches X 120 inches, quantity of 1,680 sheets. Certificate of testing MUST accompany shipment and metal MUST be free of varnish, paint, markings, and rust . All shipments MUST be covered with tarps during transporting.    Electronic bid submission will ONLY be accepted in response to this solicitation IF and ONLY IF the completed solicitation is included as an attachment in its ENTIRETY. Otherwise, all propo sals must be faxed or mailed in by the specified date and time.  This statement supersedes any other guidance regarding electronic bid submission.  This will be a Firm Fixed Price contract and is unrestricted. Required delivery schedule is 5 weeks days aft er date of contract award.  All contractors who provide goods/services to the DOD must be registered in the Central Contractors Register (CCR).  You may register via the Internet at http://www.ccr.gov or contact CCR at 1-888-227-2423.  Approximate issue da te is 20 December 2007 with the opening date approximately 30 days from issue.  The solicitation shall be issued via the Internet at http://www.osc.army.mil/ac/aais/ioc and https://acquisition.army.mil/asfi and http://www.fedbizopps.gov.  Any changes to th e solicitation shall also be posted to these websites.  It is the responsibility of the contractor to check these sites daily for any posted changes. Point of contact:  Michelle Talbot, Contract Specialist, michelle.talbot@us.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAA09/W52P1J-08-Q-3011/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>talbotm@afsc.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Sustainment Command
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>74501-9002
<POPADDRESS>McAlester Army Ammunition Plant 1 C Tree Road McAlester OK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<ZIP>48397-5000
<CLASSCOD>25
<NAICS>335931
<OFFADD>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
<SUBJECT>25--VEHICULAR EQUIPMENT COMPONENTS. FOR THE M1 ABRAMS TANK
<SOLNBR>W56HVZ08R0197
<RESPDATE>012108
<ARCHDATE>02202008
<CONTACT>JAY GOWER,Contract Specialist,(586)574-8493
<DESC>NOUN: WIRING HARNESS, BRANCHED   NSN: 2590-01-201-1144. PART NUMBER: 12323815-2 QUANTITY: 363.  OPTION:  100%.  FIRST ARTICLE TEST APPLIES.  THIS IS A 100% SERVICE DISABLED VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (WITH UNICOR/FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES PARTICIPATION).  THE TDP IS COMPETITIVE WITH PURCHASED PART.  THE TDP IS NOT SUITABLE FOR THE WEB, YOU MUST ORDER CD ROM (SEE SOLICITATION FOR DETAILS).  THE OFFER DUE DATE IS ON OR ABOUT JAN 21, 2008 (SEE SOLICITATION FOR ACTUAL PROPOSAL DUE DATE).  TO VIEW MORE OF TACOM?S ACQUISITIONS AND AWARDS, VISIT WEBSITE: HTTPS://CONTRACTING.TACOM.ARMY.MIL/OPPORTUNITY.HTM
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE07/W56HVZ08R0197/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>JAMES.GOWER@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>Total Small Disadvantage Business
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>48397-5000
<POPADDRESS>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<ZIP>48397-5000
<CLASSCOD>25
<NAICS>332999
<OFFADD>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
<SUBJECT>25--TORISION BAR,SUSPENS FOR M113 VEHICLE
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08Q0227
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02212008
<CONTACT>TERRY ZIELINSKI,Contract Specialist,(586)574-8824 or MARLENE SCHEELE,Contracting Officer,(586)574-8056
<DESC>ITEM:TORISION BAR, SUSPENS,NSN:2510-01-527-8537,QTY:14 EA.,OPTION:100%,FOB POINT:DESTINATION.  THE OFFER DUE DATE IS ON OR ABOUT 22 JAN 08.  SEE THE SOLICITATION FOR ACTUAL OFFER DUE DATE.  DO NOT CONTACT THE BUYER FOR A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION.  PLEASE VISIT TACOM'S WEB PAGE FOR THIS OR ANY OTHER SOLICITATIONS THAT TACOM HAS POSTED.  THE WEB SITE IS HTTPS://WWW.TACOM.ARMY.MIL/ACQCEN/OPPORTUNITY.HTM.  ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT AN OFFER WHICH WILL BE CONSIDERED.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE07/W56HZV08Q0227/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>NA.ZIELINSKI@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>48397-5000
<POPADDRESS>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<ZIP>48397-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334418
<OFFADD>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
<SUBJECT>59--ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT COMPONENTS. NOTE 22 APPLIES. ITEM: CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMBLY, INPUT/OUTPUT MODULE. NSN 5998-01-465-7019. SOLE SOURCE TO GENERAL DYNAMICS TALLAHASSEE OPERATIONS P/N 12388841-2.  QTY: 129 EACH.  NO OPTION.
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08R0091
<RESPDATE>013108
<ARCHDATE>03012008
<CONTACT>WENDY JACQUES,Contract Specialist,(586)753-2476 or DARYL F. WITTE,Contracting Officer,(586)574-7196
<DESC>NOTE 22 APPLIES. ITEM:  CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMBLY, INPUT/OUTPUT MODULE.  NSN: 5998-01-465-7019.  SOLE SOURCE P/N FROM GENERAL DYNAMICS TALLAHASSEE OPERATIONS:  P/N 12388841-2.  QTY:  129 EACH.  OPTION:  NONE.  FOB:  ORIGIN.  THE OFFER DUE DATE IS ON OR ABOUT  31 JAN 2008 (SEE SOLICITATION FOR ACTUAL OFFER DUE DATE).  SEE OUR WEBPAGE AT CONTRACTING .TACOM.ARMY.MIL/SOL.HTM FOR A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION. THE SOLICITATION WILL INSTRUCT HOW TO OBTAIN DRAWINGS.   THIS ITEM IS BEING RESTRICTED TO THE APPROVED SOURCE WHICH IS GENERAL DYNAMICS TALLAHASSEE OPERATIONS (CAGE 0HGX3) OR AN AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR.  ONLY THE APPROVED SOURCES AND/OR DISTRIBUTORS WILL BE CONSIDERED ON THIS BUY.  IF YOU WANT TO BECOME AN APPROVED SOURCE FOR FUTURE BUYS, CONTACT THE COMPETITION ADVOCATE'S OFFICE AT THIS E-MAIL ADDRESS: DAMI_AMSTA-AQ-C/COMPETITIONMGTOFC-WRN@CONUS.ARMY.MIL.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE07/W56HZV08R0091/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>WENDY.SUE.JACQUES@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>48397-5000
<POPADDRESS>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<ZIP>48397-5000
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>332721
<OFFADD>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
<SUBJECT>99--Miscellaneous
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08R0195
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>02212008
<CONTACT>MICHAEL W. KERR II,Contract Specialist,(586)574-7852 or MARY L. MCCULLOUGH,Contracting Officer,(586)753-2727
<DESC>SOLICITATION FOR 2,035 QTY OF "FIXTURE, TRACK CONNECT".  SOLICITATION INCLUDES AN ADDITIONAL OPTION QTY OF 2,035 / 180 DAYS.  100% SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE.  SEE SOLICATION FOR COMPLETE DETAILS.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE07/W56HZV08R0195/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>MICHAEL.WILLIAM.KERR@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>48397-5000
<POPADDRESS>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<ZIP>48397-5000
<CLASSCOD>39
<NAICS>332999
<OFFADD>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
<SUBJECT>39--Materials handling equipment.
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08R0201
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02172008
<CONTACT>DAWN CARIE,Contract Specialist,(586)574-7161 or JOSEPH M. MARLOWE,Contracting Officer,(586)574-7947
<DESC>ITEM: WINCH, DRUM, HAND OPERATED, NSN: 3950-01-134-3794, P/N 1322E0453. QTY: 115 EACH. OPTION: 115 EACH. FOB: DESTINATION. SEE NOTE: 01. THE OFFER DUE DATE IS ON OR ABOUT 18 JAN 2008. (THE ACTUAL SOLICITATION WILL APPEAR ON THE TACOM WEBPAGE ON OR ABOUT 18 DEC 2007). SEE OUR WEBPAGE AT HTTP://CONTRACTING.TACOM.ARMY.MIL/CFDATA/SOL/SOL01.CFM
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE07/W56HZV08R0201/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>DAWN.M.CARIE@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>48397-5000
<POPADDRESS>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<ZIP>48397-5000
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336399
<OFFADD>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
<SUBJECT>29--ENGINE ACCESSORIES
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08R0212
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>01302008
<CONTACT>MARY MORIN,Contract Specialist,(586)574-8495
<DESC>ITEM: RADIATOR, ENGINE COOLANT     NSN: 2930 01 295 9991     P/N: 6603154     QTY: 73     OPTION:100% FOB: DESTINATION, THE OFFER DUE DATE IS ON OR ABOUT 31 DEC 2007 (SEE SOLICITATION FOR ACTUAL OFFER DUE DATE).  SEE OUR WEBPAGE AT CONTRACTING.TACOM.ARMY.MIL/SOL.HTM FOR A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION/DRAWINGS OR EMAIL AMSTA-ADQ@CONUS.ARMY.MIL.     NOTE:22.  THIS ITEM IS BEING RESTRICTED TO THE APPROVED SOURCES, SOUTHWEST RADIATOR SHOP INC AND JLG INDUSTRIES INC.  ONLY THE APPROVED SOURCES AND/OR DISTRIBUTORS WILL BE CONSIDERED ON THIS BUY.  IF YOU WANT TO BECOME AN APPROVED SOURCE FOR FUTURE BUYS, CONTACT TOM HARTUNG IN THE COMPETITION ADVOCATE'S OFFICE.  HIS NUMBER IS 586-574-6596 OR YOU CAN EMAIL HIM AT HARTUNGT@US.ARMY.MIL
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE07/W56HZV08R0212/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>MARY.HORN1@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>48397-5000
<POPADDRESS>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--Repair and Return (R&R) for the Foreign Military Sales (FMS) program for one CCA Servo for the Greece Apache helicopter
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-08-P-0158
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>02162008
<CONTACT>Joshua Cato, 256-313-5711
<DESC>Firm-Fixed-Price Purchase Order sole source to Lockheed Martin, 5600 W. Sand Lake Road, MP 125, Orlando, FL 32819-8907, data unique to this contractor.  No Depot Maintenance Work Requirement (DMWR) available.  Interested parties may identify their ca pabilities to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  See Note 22.  Point of contact for this action is Mr. Joshua Cato, (256) 313-5711 or joshua.cato@us.army.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/W58RGZ-08-P-0158/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>joshua.cato@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-RD-F, Building 5303, Martin Road Redstone Arsenal AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--Repair and Return (R&R) for the Foreign Military Sales (FMS) program for one CCA Digital Tracker for the Greece Apache helicopter.
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-08-P-0159
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>02162008
<CONTACT>Joshua Cato, 256-313-5711
<DESC>Firm-Fixed-Price Purchase Order sole source to Lockheed Martin, 5600 W. Sand Lake Road, MP125, Orlando, FL 32819-8907, data unique to this contractor.  No Depot Maintenance Work Requirement (DMWR) available.  Interested parties may identify their cap abilities to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  See Note 22.  Point of contact for this action is Mr. Joshua Cato, (256) 313-5711 or joshua.cato@us.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/W58RGZ-08-P-0159/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>joshua.cato@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-RD-F, Building 5303, Martin Road Redstone Arsenal AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--Strut
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-08-Q-0058
<RESPDATE>122007
<ARCHDATE>02182008
<CONTACT>cynthia ivey, (256) 876-5305
<DESC>****ATTENTION****FORMAL COMMUNICATION RELATED TO THIS ACQUISITION SHOULD DIRECTED TO Cynthia Ivey, Contract Specialist. You may fax of mail your request ATTN: AMSAM-AC-AL-A, Phone: (256) 876-5305, FAX Number (256) 842-6108; Email address: cynthia.ive y@us.army.mil. No telephone request will be accepted.  PRON: AX8Q0054; NOUN: Strut NSN: 1560-01-557-1311; Quantity: 15 each; Part Number: 406-961-034-134 applicable to the OH-58 D with deliveries to Corpus Christi, TX.  This item is restricted to the follo wing approved source: Bell Helicopter Textron, Inc (Cage Code 97499) because this part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Adequate technical data is not available for this acqui sition.  All offerors must meet pre-qualification requirements in order to be eligible for award.  Firms that recognize and can produce the required item described above are encouraged to identify themselves. Firms are encouraged to seek source approval in  order to compete for future solicitations by assessing the website www.redstone.army.mil/cmo/ and looking under Standard Aviation and Missile Source Approval Request (SAMSAR). All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall be considered by the Ag ency.  The closing date annotated is an estimated date and may be adjusted dependent upon the date of release of solicitation; however, solicitation will not close prior to the closing date stated above.  Foreign firms are reminded that all requests for so licitation must be processed through their respective embassies.  No telephone request will be accepted.  Notes:  22, 23, and 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/W58RGZ-08-Q-0058/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>cynthia.ivey@conus.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road Redstone Arsenal AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--SUPPORT STRUCTURAL.  Direct your requests and communications ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-AL-B, Leslie Sandridge, Contracting Officer, Jennifer Weaver, Contract Specialist, via email jennifer.weaver@us.army.mil email address or FAX 256-955-8601.
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-08-R-0056
<RESPDATE>011008
<ARCHDATE>03102008
<CONTACT>Thaddeus L. Martin, 2568427599
<DESC>****ATTENTION****FORMAL COMMUNICATION RELATED TO THIS ACQUISITION SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO JENNIFER WEAVER.  You may fax or mail your request ATTN: AMSAM-AC-AL-B, Jennifer Weaver, Contract Specialist, Leslie Sandridge, Contracting Officer, FAX number 25 6-955-8601.  No telephone requests will be accepted.  PRON: AX8F0124AXAX, NSN: 1560-01-289-2697, PN: 70400-08115-046, Quantity: 146 each minimum / 843 maximum 5 year Indefinite Delivery / Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) requirement applicable to the UH-60 (Blac khawk).  F.O.B. Origin with delivery to New Cumberland, PA.  Required delivery with First Article Testing is 146 each 282 Days After Contract Award (DACA) The First Article Test Report is due 176 DACA.  Required delivery without First Article Testing is 14 6 each, 188 DACA. This is a Critical Safety Item. This item is restricted to: Tek Precision Company, LTD, Cage Code: 65780 and Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, Cage Code: 78286 because this part requires engineering source approval by the design control acti vity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition of the part from the approved source(s).  All offerors must meet prequalifi cation in order to be eligible for award.  Firms that recognize and can produce the required item described above are encouraged to identify themselves.  Firms are encouraged to seek source approval in order to compete for future solicitations by accessing  the website www.redstone.army.mil/cmo/ and looking under Standard Aviation and Missile Source Approval Request (SAMSAR).  All responsible sources may submit an offer, which shall be considered by the Agency. The closing date annotated is an estimated date  and may be adjusted dependent upon the date of release for solicitation; however, the solicitation will not close prior to the date stated above.  Foreign Firms are reminded that all requests for solicitation must be processed through their respective emb assies.  THIS ACQUISITION CONTAINS DATA WHICH IS CONSIDERED CRITICAL TECHNOLOGY AND HAS BEEN RESTRICTED FOR RELEASE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES.  THIS INFORMATION CANNOT BE RELEASED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHOUT PRIOR APROVAL OF THE GOVERNMENT.  THIS ACQ UISITION CONTAINS TECHNICAL DATA WHOSE EXPORT IS RETRICTED BY THE ARMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT (TITLE 22, USC., SEC 2751 ET SEQ) OR THE EXPORT ADMINISTRATION ACT (TITLE 50, USC., APP 2401-2402) EXECUTIVE ORDER 121470.  THIS INFORMATION CANNOT BE RELEASED OUTSID E THE UNITED STATES WITHOUT PRIOR APPROVAL OF THE GOVERNMENT. NOTES: 23, 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/W58RGZ-08-R-0056/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>thaddeus.martin1@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-AL-B, Building 5303, Martin Road C/O LESLIE SANDRIDGE Redstone Arsenal AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--TANK,FUEL,AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-08-R-0148
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<CONTACT>Berthina D Bills, 256-955-9295
<DESC>Description: ****ATTENTION****FORMAL COMMUNICATION RELATED TO THIS ACQUISITION SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO  Diane Bills, Contract Specialist OR LaVerne Askew, Contracting Officer. You may FAX or mail your request ATTN: AMSAM-AC-CH-B,-Diane Bills, FAX number 256-876-7735. NO  TELEPHONE REQUEST WILL BE ACCEPTED. NSN(s): 1560-01-347-8516, P/N(s): 414PS401, Quantity: Min 145 Max 725 five(5) year IDIQ Quantity requirement applicable to CH-47, delivery to Texarkana,TX, New Cumberland, PA  and Stockton, CA. Required delivery is 145 each, 395 Days After Contract Award (DACA)for Production Lead-Time with First Article and 145 each, 316 DACA with out First Article. The First Article Test Report is due 304 DACA. This item is restricted to The Boeing Company, CAGE Code 77272, American Fue l Cell & Coated Fabrics Co., CAGE Code 05476 and Engineered Fabrics Corp. Metric Sys Corp., CAGE Code 56221, because this part must be acquired from a manufacturing source(s) specified on a source control drawing. Aadequate technical data is not available for this acquisition.  All offerors must meet prequalification requirements in order to be eligible for award. Firms that recognize and can produce the required item described above are encouraged to identify themselves. Firms are encouraged to seek source  approval in order to compete for future solicitations by accessing the website www.redstone.army.mil/cmo/ and looking under Qualification Procedures for Aviation Requirements.  All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered by the  agency. The closing date annotated is an estimated date and may be adjusted dependent upon the date of release for solicitation; however, the solicitation will not close prior to the date stated above. Numbered Note: 26*****
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/W58RGZ-08-R-0148/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>berthina.bills@conus.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-CH-B, LaVerne Askew, Contracting Officer,  Building 5678, Hicks Road Redstone Arsenal AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>16--CURTAIN WINDOW
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-08-T-0063
<RESPDATE>011708
<ARCHDATE>03172008
<CONTACT>Kimberly Garrett, 256-955-9211
<DESC>****ATTENTION****FORMAL COMMUNICATION RELATED TO THIS ACQUISITION SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO JAMES R. LANG.  You may fax or e-mail your request to ATTN: AMSAM-AC-LA-A, JAMES R. LANG, Contracting Officer, Fax 256-955-9220 e_mail james.r.lang@us.army.mil. N O TELEPHONE REQUEST WILL BE ACCEPTED.  PRON:  AX8F5019AX, NSN: 1680-01-241-7472, PN: 7-311172163-19, Quantity:  325 each, applicable to the AH-64 Airframe, with deliveries to New Cumberland, PA 17070-5001.  This is a 100% HUB-ZONE Set-Aside.  The Governmen t has rights to the technical data, the data package is complete, and there are no technical data, engineering, tooling or manufacturing restrictions.   Production Lead-time with First Article Testing is 325 each, 261 Days After contract Award (DACA).  Pro duction Lead-time without First Article Testing is 325 each, 174 DACA.  Firms that can produce the required item described above are encouraged to identify themselves.  All responsible sources may submit an offer, which shall be considered by the Agency. The closing date annotated is an estimated date and may be adjusted dependent upon the date of release of solicitation; however, solicitation will not close prior to the closing date stated above.   By U.S. Law, participation in Hubzone Small Business Set Asides are restricted to U.S. small businesses, therefore foreign requests for this solicitation will be not be honored.  THIS ACQUISITION CONTAINS TECHNICAL DATA WHOSE EXPORT IS RESTRICTED BY THE ARMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT (Title 22, USC., SEC 2751 ET SEQ) O R THE EXPORT ADMINISTRATION ACT (Title 50, USC., APP 2401-2402) EXECUTIVE ORDER 121470.  THIS INFORMATION CANNOT BE RELEASED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHOUT PRIOR APPROVAL OF THE GOVERNMENT NOTES:   26 and 27.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/W58RGZ-08-T-0063/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>kimberly.a.garrett@conus.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road Redstone Arsenal AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--Bulkhead, Fuselage
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ08Q0057
<RESPDATE>011708
<ARCHDATE>03172008
<CONTACT>Robert Flanagan, 256-842-6220
<DESC>****ATTENTION****FORMAL COMMUNICATION RELATED TO THIS ACQUISITION SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO FLOYD KIT CARLTON.  You may FAX or mail your request ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-AL-A, Floyd Kit Carlton, Contracting Officer, FAX number 256-842-6108 and e-mail address Floyd.Carlton@US.Army.Mil.  PRON: AX8Q0047AX, NSN:  1560-00-415- 6399,  PN:  206-031-204(-5), Quantity: 25 each, applicable to OH-58 D.  Deliveries going to Corpus Christi, TX  78419-5255.  Required Delivery Schedule without First Article Testing is 25 each, 220 Days After Contract Award.  This item is restricted to the  approved source(s):  Bell Helicopter Textron, Inc., 600 E. Hurst Blvd., Hurst, TX  76053, Cage Code 97499.  The rights to use the data needed to purchase this part from additional source(s) are not owned by the Government and cannot be purchased, develope d or otherwise obtained.  Firms that recognize and can produce the required item described above are encouraged to identify themselves.  Firms are encouraged to seek source approval in order to compete for future solicitations by accessing the website www. redstone.army.mil/cmo/ and looking under Standard Aviation and Missile Source Approval Request (SAMSAR).   The closing date annotated is an estimated date and may be adjusted dependent upon the date of release of  solicitation, however, solicitation will n ot close prior to the closing date stated above. All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall be considered by the Agency.   No telephone request will be accepted.  Foreign Firms are reminded that all request for solicitation must be processed t hrough their respective embassies. Adequate technical data is not available for this acquisition.  All offerors must meet prequalification requirements in order to be eligible for award.   NOTES:    22, 23 and 26
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/W58RGZ08Q0057/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>robert.flanagan@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-AL-A, Building 5303, Martin Road Redstone Arsenal AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Letterkenny Army Depot
<ZIP>17201-4152
<CLASSCOD>71
<NAICS>337125
<OFFADD>Letterkenny Army Depot,Directorate of Contracting, ATTN:  AMSAM-LE-KO, 1 Overcash Avenue, Bldg 2, Chambersburg, PA  17201-4152
<SUBJECT>71--Bunkable Beds
<SOLNBR>W911N2-08-R-0038
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>02092008
<CONTACT>ccaione, 717-267-8072
<DESC>This proposed contract will be for the purchase of 3330 sets of bunkable beds. P/N: 19793MB. Assembled Bed: Length 2m (79in) x Width 90cm (35in) x Height 82cm (32in)Weight: 29kg (64lbs)Package: Straight (Art. # 19793S) and round leg (Art. # 19793R) s upplied in camo canvas carry bag (Art. # 19793Sa) with a 2 piece Stack Adaptor (Art. # 19801C) and organizer (Art. #19808). The Government does not possess sufficient documentation to acquire this item from other than the current source. The current source  is Disc-O-Bed, 2150-A Northmont Parkway, Duluth, GA 30096.  A technical data package, which defines all engineering and quality requirements is not available and can't be provided. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered by  this agency.  Substitutions may be considered as long as the specifications are exactly the same as the above description.  Documentation and drawings must be provided for substitutions in order to be reviewed for technical acceptability.  Interested sour ces should contact the Contract Specialist, Chance Caione at (717) 267-8072 or chance.d.caione@us.army.mil.  FAX inquiries are accepted at (717) 267-9834.  Solicitation issue date O/A 6 December 2007, solicitation closing date O/A 11 December 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH17/W911N2-08-R-0038/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>chance.d.caione@us.army.mil
<DESC>Letterkenny Army Depot,Directorate of Contracting
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>17201-4152
<POPADDRESS>Letterkenny Army Depot,Directorate of Contracting ATTN:  AMSAM-LE-KO, 1 Overcash Avenue, Bldg 2 Chambersburg PA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff
<ZIP>71602-9500
<CLASSCOD>13
<NAICS>332993
<OFFADD>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff, ATTN:  AMSSB-ACP, 10020 Kabrich Circle, Pine Bluff, AR  71602-9500
<SUBJECT>13--Propellant Retainer Assembly
<SOLNBR>W911RP08R0022
<RESPDATE>012808
<ARCHDATE>03282008
<CONTACT>thompv, 011870-540-3079
<DESC>The Pine Bluff Arsenal has a requirement for a Firm Fixed Price Requirements Contract for Propellant Retainer Assembly, IAW DWG 13-19-726 DTD 6 JAN 2003; Packaged 500 per plastic bag in cardboard boxes for the M98/M99 production line, estimated quant ity is 43,159 each, per year; This requirement is a Base Year plus four Option year; Drawing and specification are designated as distribution X, companies are required to be eligible to obtain controlled technical data in accordance with DOD Directive 5230 .25; Request for Proposal W911RP07R0022 will be issued on or about 27 December 2007 with a closing date of 26 January 2008; contact Victoria Thompson, Email h.victoria.thompson@us.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAD21/W911RP08R0022/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>h.victoria.thompson@us.army.mil
<DESC>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>71602-9500
<POPADDRESS>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff ATTN:  AMSSB-ACP, 10020 Kabrich Circle Pine Bluff AR
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff
<ZIP>71602-9500
<CLASSCOD>81
<NAICS>321920
<OFFADD>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff, ATTN:  AMSSB-ACP, 10020 Kabrich Circle, Pine Bluff, AR  71602-9500
<SUBJECT>81--BOX, WOOD WIREBOUND
<SOLNBR>W911RP08R0023
<RESPDATE>013008
<ARCHDATE>03302008
<CONTACT>thompv, 011870-540-3079
<DESC>The Pine Bluff Arsenal has a Base year plus four Option years requirement for a Firm Fixed Price Requirements Contract for Wirebound Wood Boxes, TYPE I (W/O Handles) CL2 (W/Batten Ends), Gade A (TREATED) IAW MIL-B-46506D W/AMD 6 DTD 4 JAN 94.  Inside  Dimensions 12 -1/4 X 12- 1/6 X 7 -9/16. Boxes are to be Constructed of heat treated woods in compliance  with/EU Nematode Control Guidelines and Stamped to indicate HT. Diagram for placement of Stamp provided in Proposal request; estimated quantity is 6,1 00 each per year; First Article Test Samples (5)five wirebound boxes assemblies will be required as stated in the Request for Proposal. Proposal W911RP08R0023 will be issued on or about 31 December 07 with a closing date of 30 January 2008;contact Victoria  Thompson,Email; h.victoria.thompson@us.army.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAD21/W911RP08R0023/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>h.victoria.thompson@us.army.mil
<DESC>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>71602-9500
<POPADDRESS>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff ATTN:  AMSSB-ACP, 10020 Kabrich Circle Pine Bluff AR
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Lewis
<ZIP>98433-9500
<CLASSCOD>49
<OFFADD>Bldg 2015, Fort Lewis, WA 98433
<SUBJECT>49--Weapons Cleaning System
<SOLNBR>W911S8-08-Q-0010
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>06112008
<CONTACT>Name: Thomas McFall, Title: Contract Specialist, Phone: 2539663518, Fax: 2539663516, Email: thomas.mcfall@us.army.mil;
<DESC>Bids are being solicited under solicitation number W911S8-08-Q-0010.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; bids are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation is issued as an invitation for bids (IFB), unless otherwise indicated herein. If your company can provide the product/services listed on the solicitation and comply with all of the solicitation instructions, please respond to this notice. To view the specifications, please go to www.FedBid.com and reference Buy No. 59724.  <BR><BR>GSA Schedule Bids Only:   Sellers bidding on this opportunity MUST have the items requested on an existing GSA Schedule. The Schedule must either be in the Seller's name or the Seller must be able to document its ability to act as an agent of a partner's Schedule. Sellers may offer Open Market items only in accordance with the approved Terms and Conditions of their respective GSA Schedule AND upon approval from the soliciting Contracting Officer. Information regarding GSA Schedules can be found at www.GSA.gov.<BR><BR> This requirement is a [ Small Business ] set-aside and only qualified sellers may submit bids. The solicitation pricing on www.FedBid.com will start on the date this solicitation is posted and will end on 2007-12-14 12:00:00.0 Eastern Time or as otherwise displayed at www.FedBid.com. FOB Destination shall be Fort Lewis, WA 98433 <BR><BR>The USA ACA Fort Lewis requires the following items, Meet or Exceed, to the following:  <BR>LI 001, OVERALL DIMENSION: 45"LX27"WX69"H; INSIDE TUB DIMENSIONS: 40;X22"WX18"H; PUMP SYSTEM: 500 GPH PUMP; DRAIN BASKET: 3-1/4" DIAMETER; FLEX NOZZLE: 18" LONG; FLOW THRU BRUSH: 53" LONG; TUB THICKNESS: 14 GUAGE STEEL; SOLVENT CAPACITY MINIMUM: 28 GAL. Expected delivery no earlier than 1 FEB 08., 20, EA; <BR><BR>For this solicitation, USA ACA Fort Lewis intends to conduct an online competitive reverse auction to be facilitated by the third-party reverse auction provider, FedBid, Inc. FedBid has developed an online, anonymous, browser based application to conduct the reverse auction. A Seller may submit a series of pricing bids, which descend in price during the specified period of time for the aforementioned reverse auction. USA ACA Fort Lewis is taking this action in an effort to improve both seller access and awareness of requests and the agency's ability to gather multiple, completed, real-time bids. All responsible Sellers that respond to this solicitation MUST submit the pricing portion of their bid using the online exchange located at www.FedBid.com. There is no cost to register, review procurement data or make a bid on www.FedBid.com. Sellers that are not currently registered to use www.FedBid.com should proceed to www.FedBid.com to complete their free registration. Sellers that require special considerations or assistance may contact the FedBid Helpdesk at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or via email at clientservices@fedbid.com. Sellers may not artificially manipulate the price of a transaction on www.FedBid.com by any means. It is unacceptable to place bad faith bids, to use decoys in the www.FedBid.com process or to collude with the intent or effect of hampering the competitive www.FedBid.com process. Should Sellers require additional clarification, contact FedBid at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or clientservices@fedbid.com.<BR><BR> Use of FedBid:   Buyers and Sellers agree to conduct this transaction through FedBid in compliance with the FedBid Terms of Use.  Buyers and Sellers understand that FedBid ranks all bids by price; however, pursuant to applicable acquisition regulations and/or departmental guidelines, Buyers may use criteria other than price to evaluate offers.  Accordingly, please note that, unless otherwise specified herein below, to the extent required by applicable regulations and/or guidelines, award will be made to the responsible Seller whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Buyer on the basis of price, technical capability, delivery, and past performance.<BR><BR> Contact ClientServices@FedBid.com or call 1-877-9FEDBID to address any questions or comments<BR><BR>New equipment ONLY, NO remanufactured products<BR><BR>Bid MUST be good for 30 calendar days after submission<BR><BR>FOB Destination CONUS (CONtinental U.S.)<BR><BR>No partial shipments unless otherwise specified<BR><BR>Agencies may require registration with the Central Contractor Registry (CCR) or to receipt of order.  Information can be found at www.ccr.gov<BR><BR>
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABJ/DABJ25/W911S8-08-Q-0010/listing.html
<DESC>www.fedbid.com (b-59724, n-9917)
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>98433-9500
<POPADDRESS>Fort Lewis, WA 98433
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Detroit
<ZIP>48226
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>336611
<OFFADD>US Army Corps of Engineers, Detroit, 477 Michigan Avenue, Detroit, MI  48226
<SUBJECT>J--Dry-dock services and repairs for tug and crane barge vessels.
<SOLNBR>W911XK-08-T-0022
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>02162008
<CONTACT>Edith Brandon, (313)226-6358
<DESC>Provide the necessary services, equipment & materials to dry-dock and repair the Tug Demolen and the Crane Barge Veler.  Dry-docking & undocking to include setting, positioning, & refloating vessels upon completion; including lay days. To obtain a co py of the solicitation, go to http://www.lre.usace.army.mil/doingbusiness/contracting/notices/
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA35/W911XK-08-T-0022/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>edith.brandon@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps of Engineers, Detroit
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>48209
<POPADDRESS>US Army Corps of Engineers, Detroit Area Office 6309 W. Jefferson Detroit MI
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>US Army Engineer District, Sacramento
<ZIP>95814
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>US Army Engineer District, Sacramento, 1325 J. Street, Sacramento, CA  95814
<SUBJECT>Y--FY08 General Instruction Building VI, Presidio of Monterey, California
<SOLNBR>W91238-08-R-0003
<RESPDATE>013008
<ARCHDATE>03302008
<CONTACT>Cheryl Gannaway, 916-557-6933
<DESC>This acquisition is proceeding as SERVICE DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS Set-Aside Request for Proposal (RFP). Estimated Cost Range is between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000 This Procurement will be conducted under FSC CODE: Y139, SIC CODE: 1542, NAICS Code: 236220.  The size standard for this code is $31,000,000.  All questions should be directed to the Contracting Specialist, MAJ Joel Dingle, at (916) 557-5182, FAX: No.: (91 6) 557-5278, e-mail Joel.M.Dingle@usace.army.mil.   The subject project is to construct a standard criteria General Instruction Building. The facility will be multi-story and includes classrooms, staff and faculty offices, storage, test control areas, conference room, multi-purpose training areas, cultural rooms, curriculum resource areas, break areas and other academic support areas. Supporting facilities include all utilities and mechanical systems support, fire protection and alarm systems, parking, paving, walks, curbs and gutters, storm drainage, robust  information/network support systems and site improvements.  Antiterrorism/Force Protection measures include standard features for new facility construction to include laminated glazing, pressure rated doors and site limiting landscaping features. Heating and air conditioning shall be provided by self contained systems. A SITE VISIT/PRE-PROPOSAL CONFERENCE HAS BEEN SCHEDULED ON 20 DECEMBER 2007. Information regarding time and location will be available via FedBizOpps Announcement.    All PROPOSALS will be due on/about 30 JAN 2008/3:00 pm PST. The specific date and time will be identified in the solicitation. The acquisition method is negotiated procurement.  A technical and price proposal will be required.  Evaluation by the Government  will result in selection of a firm that represents the best value to the Government. OFFERORS ARE ADVISED THAT THIS PROJECT MAY BE DELAYED, CANCELED OR REVISED AT ANY TIME DURING THE SOLICITATION, SELECTION, EVALUATION, NEGOTIATION AND/OR FINAL AWARD PROC ESS. ORDERING SOLICITATION:  Plans and specifications will NOT be provided in hard paper copy or CD-ROM format.  The solicitation and all amendments for this acquisition will be posted on a secure Government website known as FedTeDS.  Access to the RFP documents on the FedTeDS website  will be via a hyperlink.  The hyperlink will be inserted into the notices for this acquisition posted on both the Army Single Face to Industry (ASFI) website (https://acquisition.army.mil/asfi/) and the FedBizOpps website (www.fbo.gov) once the RFP is iss ued.  The hyper-link will not appear as a website address, but text as follows:  Available online via the FedTeDs (Federal Technical Data Solution) website.  Viewing/downloading documents from FedTeDS will require prior registration in Central Contractor R egistration (www.ccr.gov).  If you are a first-time FedTeDS user, you will also be required to register in FedTeDS (www.fedteds.gov) before accessing the RFP documents.  To register, click on the Register with FedTeDS hyperlink, then select the Begin Vendo r/Contractor Registration Process option.  The following information will be required: Central Contractor Registration (CCR) Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN); DUNS Number or Cage Code; Telephone Number; and E-mail Address.  Once registered wi th FedTeDS, interested parties will then be able to utilize the posted hyperlink to log in and access the RFP documents.   Important Note: Solicitation documents can be accessed ONLY by using the hyperlink available on either FBO or ASFI; FedTeDS is not searchable by any other means.  Please note that ALL contractors who want to register with FedTeDS must be CCR registered, an d have a MPIN, DUNS number or Cage code.  For further information, please click on the FedTeDS homepage links; FAQs, Vendor User Guide, and FedTeDS Help.  For additional assistance with the FedTeDS website, contact the Ogden Electronic Business (EB) Operat ions Support Team (OST) at 866-618-5988 (toll free), 801-605-7095, or cscassig@ogden.disa.mil (subject: FedTeDS Assistance).  The only PLAN-HOLDERS/BIDDERS LIST now available is via FedBizOpps.  When viewing the Synopsis/Pre-solicitation Notice, you will click on the REGISTER AS INTERESTED VENDOR on the right side at the bottom of the announcement to enter your information.  This function does not, however, allow you to identify yourself as a Prime or Sub.  It is recommended that you identify your category in parentheses at ei ther the beginning or end of your company name.  For example:  (Prime/Sub) XYZ Construction, or XYZ Construction (Prim/Sub).  IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE CONTRACTOR TO CHECK FEDTEDS FREQUENTLY FOR ANY AMENDMENTS OR CHANGES TO THE SOLICITATION. See Note #9
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA05/W91238-08-R-0003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Cheryl.Y.Gannaway@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Engineer District, Sacramento
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>95814
<POPADDRESS>US Army Engineer District, Sacramento 1325 J. Street,  Sacramento CA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>US Army Engineer District, Philadelphia
<ZIP>19107-3390
<CLASSCOD>39
<NAICS>333923
<OFFADD>US Army Engineer District, Philadelphia, 100 Penn Square East, Wanamaker Bldg (RM 643), Philadelphia, PA  19107-3390
<SUBJECT>39--Dredge JADWIN Anchor Barge Winch Overhaul
<SOLNBR>W912BU-08-T-0010
<RESPDATE>013008
<ARCHDATE>03302008
<CONTACT>julina.lee, 215-656-6911
<DESC>The Philadelphia District intends to initiate a negotiated, best-value procurement to overhaul a hoist winch for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Vicksburg Districts Dustpan Dredge JADWIN. The following information is provided for the existing winch: Model No:  BU-140 YDCHR Serial No:   10896 Type:           2-110M BM No:       110 Serial:          MCH 140-204 Spec:            881 The current diesel engine is a Detroit Diesel In-Line 6 Cylinder 71 Series engine.  The engine shall be replaced as part of the overhaul.  The winch shall be picked up and returned to Vicksburg, MS.  The acquisition will be a negotiated, best-value procure ment using the Contracting By Negotiation process prescribed in Part 15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation and the Simplified Acquisition Procedures defined in Part 13 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation.  The proposals will be reviewed for completene ss in satisfying the requirements of the RFQ and evaluated on the merit against the following evaluation factors listed in descending order of importance: Technical factors  Product (to include testing), Period of Performance, and Past Performance and Exp erience and Price factors - Price reasonableness and Price Realism.  The technical factors as a whole are more important than price.  However, price remains a significant factor in determining the best value.  Initial price proposals must be submitted alon g with initial technical proposal to the Contracting Officer in accordance with the requirements of Section L  Proposal Requirements and Evaluation Criteria of the RFP.  The Government may award a contract on the basis of  initial proposals received without discussions; therefore, each proposal should contain the offerors best terms. RFQ number W912BU-08-T-0010 will be available on or about 20 December 2007.  The official media of distribution for the RFQ is the Web.  All amendments to the RFQ will be posted to the FedTeDS web site.  It is the offerors responsibility to monitor the Fe dTeDS web site for any amendments.  Interested firms must register at FedTeDS in order to access the solicitation.  Offerors are responsible for printing copies of the RFP and any amendments.  All quotes are to be delivered to the Corps of Engineers, Phila delphia District, Wanamaker Building, Room 643, 100 Penn Square East, Philadelphia, PA 19107-3390, Attn: Ms. Julina Lee.  Questions can be directed to Ms. Lee at (215) 656-6911 or julina.lee@usace.army.mil.  This office will not accept any telephonic, writ ten, or faxed requests for a copy of the solicitation.  Solicitation documents, plans and specifications will only be available via the Federal Technical Data Solution (FedTeDs) system webpage at https://www.fedteds.gov.  Interested parties must register a s a Vendor with FedTeDs before accessing the system.  In order to register as a Vendor in FedTeDs, offerors must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) system at http://www.ccr.gov.  Interested parties can access the data for the solici tation through the hyperlink established in the Federal Business Opportunities (FedBizOpps) system announcement at http://www.fedbizopps.gov.  The hyperlink will redirect to the solicitation-specific data in FedTeDs.  Registration for updates to plans and specifications should be made on the FedBizOpps webpage for this solicitation.  The FedTeDs system does not allow for offerors to perform a search for solicitation data.  All searches can be performed through the FedBizOpps system.  If any information chan ges during the advertisement period, contractors are responsible to make changes to their user profile on the Internet.  Failure to make changes in their user profile may cause a delay in receiving notice of the solicitation or any amendments.   Proposals will be due on, or about, 20 January 2008 at 1300 hours.  The NAICS code is 333923 and the size standard is 500 employees.  Warranty of supplies/services will apply.   The Service Contract Act will also apply.  Liquidated damages will not apply.  All contractors are required to be registered in the DOD Central Contract Registry before award as required by DFARS 204.7300.  Information on getting registered may be obtain ed by phoning 1-888-227-2423 or by accessing the following internet website:  http://www.ccr.gov.  Also, firms who receive a federal contract in excess of $25,000.00 are required by legislation to submit an annual VETS-100 Report on your employment of targ eted veterans.  Information on submitting your report may be obtained by calling 703-461-2460 or by accessing the following internet web site: http://vets.dol.gov/vets100.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA61/W912BU-08-T-0010/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Julina.Lee@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Engineer District, Philadelphia
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Rock Island
<ZIP>61204-2004
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>562998
<OFFADD>US Army Engineer District, Rock Island, P.O. Box 2004, Clock Tower Building, Attn: CEMVR-CT, Rock Island, IL  61204-2004
<SUBJECT>S--Portable Toilet Supply & Services, Saylorville Lake, Polk County, Johnston, Iowa
<SOLNBR>W912EK-08-T-0034
<RESPDATE>011608
<ARCHDATE>03162008
<CONTACT>dawn.m.ewan, 309-794-5828
<DESC>This is a pre-solicitation notice only.  The solicitation will be posted to the FedBizOpps website, www.fbo.gov on or about 17 December 2007.  Provide all manpower, labor, materials, equipment, supplies, transportation, fuel, tools, supervision and o ther items and services necessary to provide portable toilet services for designated public use areas at the Saylorville Lake Project, Polk County, Johnston, Iowa.  This solicitation is a request for quote and is issued as 100% Small Business Set-Aside. Th e following NAICS code 562998 will apply with the size standard of $6.5 Million.  This work will be awarded as a performance-based contract.  Performance-based means the Contractor is responsible for a quality end product.   Evaluation factors for award sh all be as follows:  Experience, Past Performance, and Price.  Contracts will be awarded to the technically acceptable, responsive, responsible, compliant vendor.   Experience and Past Performance are significantly more important than price.   The date and time for receipt of quotes will be on or about 16 January 2008, 4:00 p.m. local time.  It is the offerors responsibility to monitor the fedbizopps web site for amendments to the solicitation.  The resultant contract will be a Firm Fixed Priced Contract in accordance with the solicitation procedures outlined in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items/Services.  All prospective offerors must have a Commercial and Government Entity Code (CAGE Code) and be actively registered in the Central Contractor Regi stration (CCR) at www.ccr.gov.   The solicitation will not be available in paper format.  All documents required for the offer submittal, including amendments to the offer submittal, shall be in hard copy.  Facsimile submittals are not allowed.  Electronic  submittal of an offer will not be allowed.  If you have questions, please contact Janet Hancks at 309/794-5443 or email at Janet.L.Hancks@usace.army.mil.  The contractor shall submit 1 original copy of their offer to include the above information in order  to properly evaluate your offer in accordance with the evaluation criteria outlined under to FAR 52-212-2 Evaluation  Commercial Items.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA25/W912EK-08-T-0034/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>dawn.m.ewan@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Engineer District, Rock Island
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>50131
<POPADDRESS>US Army Engineer District, Saylorville Lake Polk County Johnston IA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>Transatlantic Programs Center
<ZIP>22602-5000
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>US Army Corps Of Engineers - Transatlantic Programs Center, P.O. Box 2250, Winchester, VA  22604-1450
<SUBJECT>Y--Cable Communications Infrastructure
<SOLNBR>W912ER08R0013
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>02102008
<CONTACT>Rick  Elder, 540-665-3690
<DESC>The Corps of Engineers, Transatlantic Programs Center intends to solicit and negotiate a contract for the installation, integration and testing of the communications infrastructure for the CENTCOM Command Forward Headquarters (CFH) complex at Al Udei d Air Base, Qatar.   The proposed contract action is for construction services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of Federal Acquisition Regulation subsection 6.302-1, Only one responsible sou rce and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The source is Rizzani de Eccher (RdE) S.p.A., Pozzuolo del Friuli, Italy.   The host nation of Qatar will permit only RdE to have access to the CFH facility.  However, a firm that can  demonstrate that it can meet the requirement of full and open access to the host nation construction site may give written notification to the Contracting Officer within seven days from the date of publication of this announcement.  Supporting documentati on must be in sufficient detail to demonstrate the ability to comply with the requirement. Responses will be evaluated; however, a determination not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of th e Government.   This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. The period of performance is 365 calendar days. The magnitude of the project is $5,000,000 to $10,000,000.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA78/W912ER08R0013/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>richard.c.elder@tac01.usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps Of Engineers - Transatlantic Programs Center
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>22604-1450
<POPADDRESS>US Army Corps Of Engineers - Transatlantic Programs Center P.O. Box 2250,  Winchester VA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Savannah
<ZIP>31402-0889
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237990
<OFFADD>US Army Corps of Engineers, Savannah, P.O. Box 889, Savannah, GA  31402-0889
<SUBJECT>Z-- Maintenance Dredging at Naval Weapons Station (NTPU)
<SOLNBR>W912HN-08-R-0012
<RESPDATE>012208
<ARCHDATE>03222008
<CONTACT>Henry Wigfall, (843) 329-8088
<DESC>Maintenance dredging of approximately 20,000 cubic yards of unclassified material from Pier X-Ray located at Naval Weapons Station (NPTU), Berkeley County, South Carolina.  Material shall be deposited in the Yellow House Creek Disposal Area, Berkeley  County, South Carolina. The work includes complying with the requirements of the Endangered Species Act and Marine Mammals Protection Act.  Dredging window is scheduled between 05 April 2008 and 24 April 2008. This project is 100% set-aside for Small Busi nesses. MAGNITUDE OF WORK is $400,000 to $700,000. Contractor must be registered in the DOD Central contractor Registration (CCR) prior to award of this solicitation. The solicitation and any subsequent amendments will only be available in electronic forma t, downloadable from the internet. No CD-ROMs or hardcopy documents will be distributed. Bidders must be registered in the CCR and at the Federal Technical Data Solution (FedTeDS) Homepage (https://www.fedteds.gov/)in order to view or download the solicita tion documents. It is the responsibility of offer to monitor the website for notices and amendments. The solicitation will be posted on or about December 20, 2007 with proposals due on or about January 22, 2008. If you have questions or need assistances co ntact Henry Wigfall at (843) 329-8088 (henry.wigfall@usace.army.mil)or Julian Bargas at (834)329-8086.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA21/W912HN-08-R-0012/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>henry.wigfall@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps of Engineers, Savannah
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>29403
<POPADDRESS>US Army Corps of Engineers, Savannah, Charleston Office 69A Hagood Avenue Charleston SC
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>US Army Corps of Engineers, Galveston District
<ZIP>77553-1229
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237990
<OFFADD>US Army Corps of Engineers, Galveston, 2000 Fort Point Road, PO Box 1229, Galveston, TX  77553-1229
<SUBJECT>Z--Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, Texas, San Anotnio Bay to Sundown Bay in Aransas and Calhoun Counties, Texas, Pipeline Dredging.
<SOLNBR>W912HY-08-B-0007
<RESPDATE>031208
<ARCHDATE>05112008
<CONTACT>Lucille Smith, 409 766-3845
<DESC>The work consists of the removal of approximately 1,500,000 cubic yards of maintenance dredging with a shallow draft pipeline dredge and extensive levee work at the Beneficial Use Sites A and D.  The estimated completion time is 120 calendar days wit h a production rate of 500,000 cubic yards per month. Solicitation issue date is 11 February 2008. Bid Opening date is 12 March 2008 @ 2:00 PM in Room 175.  The estimated cost range for this project is between $1,000,000.00 and $5,000,000.00.  The North Am erican Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code applicable to this project is 237990.  The Small Business Size Standard is $18.5 million and will be advertised, Unrestricted, full and open to both large and small businesses. All offerors are encoura ged to visit the Armys Single Face to Industry Website at https://acquisition.army.mil/asfi to view and download the plans, specification and or any amendments for this procurement.  Plans and specifications will not be available in paper format or on com pact disc. To be placed on a Plan Holders List for this solicitation, visit the new ECBMS System at https://ebs.swf.usace.army.mil/ebs/AdvertisedSolicitations.cfm  or register as an Interested Vendor at http://www1.fbo.gov/ . Offerors must be registered with the Central Contractor Registration (CCR), in order to receive a Government contract award.  To register, the CCR Internet address is: http://www.ccr.gov  .  The Contract Specialist for this solicitation will be Lucille Smith, (409) 766-3845 or via e- mail at lucille.r.smith@usace.army.mil .  For technical information about this solicitation, please contact Mr. Richard Schrank, Construction Manager at (409) 766-3958. Subcontracting goals for the Galveston District are:  51.2% - Small Business; 8.8% - Sm all Disadvantaged Business; 7.3% - Woman-Owned; 3.1% - HUBZone Small Business; 1.5% - Veteran-Owned Small Business and 1.5% - Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA64/W912HY-08-B-0007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>lucille.r.smith@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps of Engineers, Galveston
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>77553-1229
<POPADDRESS>US Army Corps of Engineers, Galveston 2000 Fort Point Road, PO Box 1229 Galveston TX
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Corpus Christi Army Depot
<ZIP>78419-6170
<CLASSCOD>68
<OFFADD>Corpus Christi Army Depot, ATTN:  SIOCC-RS-AQ, 308 Crecy Street, Corpus Christi, TX  78419-6170
<SUBJECT>68--Wastewater Treatment Chemicals
<SOLNBR>W912NW-08-T-0026
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>02192008
<CONTACT>George Kapusta, 361-961-3913
<DESC>Request detailed solicitation from george.kapusta@us.army.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH13/W912NW-08-T-0026/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>george.kapusta@us.army.mil
<DESC>Corpus Christi Army Depot
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>78419-6170
<POPADDRESS>Corpus Christi Army Depot ATTN:  SIOCC-RS-AQ, 308 Crecy Street Corpus Christi TX
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Corpus Christi Army Depot
<ZIP>78419-6170
<CLASSCOD>58
<OFFADD>Corpus Christi Army Depot, ATTN:  SIOCC-RS-AQ, 308 Crecy Street, Corpus Christi, TX  78419-6170
<SUBJECT>58--Infocus Projector
<SOLNBR>W912NW-08-T-0027
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>02092008
<CONTACT>George Kapusta, 361-961-3913
<DESC>30 each-Infocus XGA 3000 Lumen Projector-Part No. IN36; 20 each-Ceiling Mount-Part No. SP-CEIL-UNIV; 10 each-Lamp-Part No. SP-LAMP-026
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH13/W912NW-08-T-0027/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>george.kapusta@us.army.mil
<DESC>Corpus Christi Army Depot
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>78419-6170
<POPADDRESS>Corpus Christi Army Depot ATTN:  SIOCC-RS-AQ, 308 Crecy Street Corpus Christi TX
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Louisville
<ZIP>40201-0059
<CLASSCOD>N
<NAICS>238220
<OFFADD>US Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville, 600 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Place, Room 821, Louisville, KY  40202-2230
<SUBJECT>N--Decentralize Heat Plant located at Defense Supply Center Columbus, Columbus, OH
<SOLNBR>W912QR-08-R-0009
<RESPDATE>012008
<ARCHDATE>03202008
<CONTACT>connie.g.murphree, 502-315-6210
<DESC>The central heating plant and high temperature hot water (HTHW) system was designed and constructed to provide heating to more than twenty warehouse buildings on the installation.  Currently the system serves seven buildings, of which only three are in use.  Operating the central heat plant facility no longer is efficient or economical.  This project is to remove seven (7) warehouse buildings (Buildings 9, 17, 18, 19, 27, 30, 41/42) from the central heating plant and HTHW piping system.  Heating syste ms in three of the buildings (Buildings 9, 17, and 27) will be replaced with individual gas fired heating plants.  To support the installation of the new individual heating plants, gas distribution piping will be extended to serve the three buildings.  The  work also includes rerouting mechanical room drains from storm sewers to sanitary sewers in three of the buildings (Buildings 9, 17, and 27).  The above ground HTHW distribution piping will be removed.  Options included in the contract include:  the demol ition of the central heat plant; the demolition of parts of the HTHW distribution piping system; and the winterization of two warehouse buildings (Buildings 30 and 41/42). The performance period will be 400 days.  The estimated price range for this project  is from $1 to $5 Million.  This is a request for proposal and will be awarded to a Prime HubZone contractor.  Proposals will be required to include Price, Past Experience, Past Performance, Technical Approach and Management Approach.  They will be evaluat ed using a Best Value Source Selection Process.  This solicitation will be issued on/about December 20, 2007 and proposals will be due on/about January 20, 2008.  The solicitation and any amendments will be available for download only through the Federal T echnical Data Solutions (FedTeds) at http://www.fedteds.gov.  Registration at www.ccr.gov and FedTeds are required.  This announcement serves as the advanced notice for this project.  Point of Contact is Connie Murphree at 502-315-6210.  Email Connie.G.Mur phree@lrl02.usace.army.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA27/W912QR-08-R-0009/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Connie.G.Murphree@lrl02.usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>43218-3990
<POPADDRESS>Defense Supply Center Columbus 3990 E. Broad Street Columbus OH
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U. S. Army Engineer District, New England
<ZIP>01742-2751
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541620
<OFFADD>US Army Engineer District, New England, 696 Virginia Road, Concord, MA  01742-2751
<SUBJECT>R--IDIQ FOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AT THE G/E HOUSTONIC RIVER PROJECT
<SOLNBR>W912WJ-08-R-0006
<RESPDATE>021408
<ARCHDATE>04142008
<CONTACT>Rachael  Raposa, 978-318-8249
<DESC>With this announcement, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, New England District issues a pre-solicitation notice for a 5-year Professional Services IDIQ contract with a value not to exceed $25MIL for performing technical assistance and oversight of th e response actions being proposed and/or performed by General Electric (GE) and its contractors/consultants at the GE/Housatonic River Site, Pittsfield, Massachusetts.  Work anticipated to be performed under this contract includes but is not limited to 1) Technical oversight of planning, design, construction, monitoring and operations/maintenance activities for the following types of response actions:  a) Sediment remediation design and action (capping, dredging, excavation techniques); (b) Soil Remediation  design and action;  (c) PCB materials handling;  (d) Environmental Restoration (river, floodplain, upland);  (e) Upland capping;  (f) NAPL and groundwater monitoring, controls, and treatment; and (g) Emerging and Innovative Technologies, particularly thos e pertaining to management of contaminated sediment.  Technical support tasks will include the review and preparation of deliverables (work plans, reports, and drawings) for compliance with the terms of the Consent Decree and best industry practices, and p rovision of field oversight;  2) Modeling: Utilize the watershed, hydrodynamic, sediment transport, and PCB fate and bioaccumulation models (HSPF, EFDC and FCM).  With an understanding of the models parameterization and linkages, the evolution of the mode l framework through the Peer Review process, the Calibration and Validation history; perform simulations, modify model code, and ensure its proper use for predicting future conditions under numerous scenarios and prepare documentation of such activities; 3 ) Human Health and Ecological Risk Assessment and Risk Communication  With a familiarity with the sites Human Health and Ecological Risk Assessments, the evolution of the risk assessments through the Peer Review Process; provide technical support and deli verables in all future discussions of the contents, particularly as it pertains to the translation of the risk assessments to the Interim Media Protection Goals and the evaluation of potential remedial alternatives.  Discussions may include all aspects of risk assessments to include statistical analyses and risk communication;  4)  Sampling & Analysis:  Conduct multi-media sampling for PCBs and other hazardous constituents, analysis, data validation and interpretation (air, water, soil, sediment, tissue); 5 ) Maintain and update as necessary an existing large data management system, GIS system and Auto Cad files:  The systems contain massive amounts of information over a large geographic area and include base map layers, topographic mapping, analytical data ( concentration, x, y, and z locational data, date sampled, media, etc).  The Contractor is to assume responsibility for the utilization of these systems and to perform statistical/other analytical treatments of the data.  Data systems currently utilized for  the project include: (a) Analytical Database - all current project analytical results and associated data are stored in a Microsoft Access Database.  The existing contractor used a proprietary technical data management system and Structured Query Language  (SQL).  Server software is used to import the data electronically from the laboratories as well as manipulate and search the data on all the variables that are maintained in the database for any given sample.  Because the prior data management system is p roprietary, it will not be turned over, but the contents of the database would.  The new Contractor shall develop/have a similar database management system to effectively work with the volume of data that has been generated and stored for the project.  The  laboratories shall format their electronic data deliverables (EDDs) in order to be compatible with the data management system.; (b)  GIS  The  existing contra ctors data base system produces files called data-marts, which GIS software can access in order to map the data.  It is presumed that the SQL Server software is used to produce the data-marts.  In general, it has been experienced that the compatibility be tween the database software and GIS software is very broad with minimal compatibility issues.  ArcView, more recently re-named ArcGIS, has been used at this project.  The GIS software and the databases are used to provide a wide array of mapping capabiliti es, (e.g. develop stack-bar maps and the use and display of spatial weighting tools for cross-checking and evaluating spatial weighting calculations). The expectation is that the new Contractor will provide equivalent compatibility between the data bases a nd the GIS system; (c) Produce & maintain a secure collaborative web-based work space for the electronic files.  6) Financial Management and Cost Tracking Capabilities:  The Contractor is to manage a complex financial management system (costs will be track ed at subtask levels based on formulas defined in the Consent Decree). Segregation of costs by category is essential for PRP cost recovery.  7) Management and Storage of Large Quantities of Project Files:  The Contractor is to assume responsibility for man aging and maintaining the project file, including an Administrative Record.  Manage and store for future retrieval the project archives to include electronic and hard copies of reports, documents and drawings (approximately 7,200 documents contained in app roximately 18-20 five-drawer lateral file cabinets);  Reports, documents, etc. to be retrievable in electronic and hard copy format on short notice.  8)  Field Office and Staff:  Operate and maintain a field office in Pittsfield for contractor and governme nt personnel during contract duration.  Assign contractor staff to include an on-site office manager and administrative assistant/ receptionist and field oversight personnel.  9) Litigation Support:  Provide support for any potential litigation to include expert technical witnesses, presentation materials, logistical support, and evaluation of conflicts of interest.  10) CERCLA/RCRA/TSCA Regulations:  The Contractor is to have extensive knowledge of the regulatory framework of CERCLA, RCRA and TSCA and the ability to work with multiple regulatory agencies and stakeholders including federal and state (e.g. EPA, DEP).  The solicitation will be issued unrestricted. Work is anticipated to begin in May 2008.  The Government intends to award a Indefinite Delivery/ Indefinite Quantity contract with one base year and four option years.  Work will be performed on a task order basis.  The contract ceiling amount will be $25,000,000.00.  The Request for Proposal and amendments, if issued, will only be available on-line.  Interested vendors can download the solicitation via the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (www.fbo.gov).  The solicitation will be available on the Internet on or about 7 January 2008.  The due date for proposals will be stated in the solicita tion.  Requests for solicitation documents by telephone, fax, or e-mail will not be honored.  The Government intends to make award to the offeror that represents the best value to the Government, price and non-price factors considered.  Instructions and ev aluation factors will be provided in the solicitation.  There should be no potential conflict of interest; interested parties must not be currently providing Professional Services to GE at any site; are currently or have within the past 10 years provided P rofessional Services to GE related to the GE/Housatonic River Site; or are currently providing Construction or Professional Services as the prime contractor to GE on any riverine removal/remediation project.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA33/W912WJ-08-R-0006/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>rachael.raposa@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Engineer District, New England
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>01742-2751
<POPADDRESS>US Army Engineer District, New England 696 Virginia Road,  Concord MA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, NRCC - Carlisle Barracks Branch
<ZIP>17013-5072
<CLASSCOD>G
<NAICS>711130
<OFFADD>ACA, NRCC, Carlisle Barracks, 314 Lovell Avenue, Suite 1, Carlisle Barracks, PA  17013-5072
<SUBJECT>G--Catholic Organist for Post Chapel at Carlisle Barracks, Carlisle, PA.
<SOLNBR>W91QF0-08-T-0012
<RESPDATE>122807
<ARCHDATE>02262008
<CONTACT>CHRIS ELLERMAN, 717-245-3302
<DESC>The US Army War College, NRCC Carlisle Barracks is soliciting quotes to provide service for a Catholic Organist at the Post Chapel at Carlisle Barracks, Carlisle, PA.  This acquisition is set aside for small business, base period with two option year s.   Must be registered in CCR.  The solicitation is available by written email request to:  chris.ellerman@us.army.mil.  No phone requests will be accepted.  NAICS Code:  711130 SIZE:  $6.5 million.   See Numbered Note 1
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABJ/DABJ01-3/W91QF0-08-T-0012/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>chris.ellerman@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, NRCC, Carlisle Barracks
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>17013-5072
<POPADDRESS>ACA, NRCC, Carlisle Barracks 314 Lovell Avenue, Suite 1,  Carlisle Barracks PA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336411
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--Army Procurement of AH-64D Apache Longbow War Replacement Aircraft consisting of the following quantity: Base Year - Twelve (12) each, Option 1 - Twelve (12) each, and Option 2 - Six (6) each.
<SOLNBR>WRA-RJS-303519
<RESPDATE>012108
<ARCHDATE>03212008
<CONTACT>James Bailey, 256-313-4108
<DESC>****ATTENTION****FORMAL COMMUNICATION RELATED TO THIS ACQUISITION SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO: LARRY ALLEN OR JAMES C. BAILEY. You may fax or mail your request ATTN: AMSAM-AC-AP-A, Larry Allen, Contracting Officer, FAX 256-313-4144, E-mail: larry.allen@peo avn.army.mil or ATTN: James C. Bailey, Contract Specialist, FAX 256-313-4144, E-mail: james.bailey@peoavn.army.mil. NO TELEPHONE REQUEST WILL BE ACCEPETED. Quantity: Base Year - Twelve (12) each Replacement AH-64D Apache Longbow Aircraft with delivery to o ccur in FY 2010, Option 1 - Twelve (12) each Replacement AH-64D Apache Longbow Aircraft, and Option 2 - Six (6) each Replacement AH-64D Apache Longbow Aircraft. The proposed acquisition is limited to McDonnell Douglas Helicopter Company, doing business as MDHC, Commercial and Government Entity, CAGE Code 8V613, 5000 East McDowell Road, Mesa, AZ 85205 because this item must be  acquired from a manufacturing source(s) specified on a source control or selected item drawing as defined by the current version of DoD-STD-100. All offerors must meet prequalification requirements in order to be eligible for award. Firms that recognize and can produce the required item described above are encouraged to identify themselves. Firms are encouraged to seek source approval in order to compete for future solicitations by accessing the website www.redstone.army/cmo/ and looking under Qualification Procedures for Aviation Requirements. MDHC is the only responsible source capable of providing the supplies or services necessary f or the manufacture of AH-64D Apache Longbow Aircraft. The closing date is an estimated date and may be adjusted dependent upon the date of release for solicitation; however, the solicitation will not close prior to the date stated above. Foreign Firms are reminded that all requests for solicitation must be processed through their respective embassies. All responsible sources may submit an offer, which shall be considered by the Agency. No telephone request will be accepted. You may FAX or mail your request to ATTN: Larry Allen, Contracting Officer, FAX 256-313-4144, AMSAM-AC-AP-A, E-mail larry.allen@peoavn.army.mil or James Bailey, Contract Specialist, FAX 256-313-4144, AMSAM-AC-AP-A, E-mail james.bailey@peoavn.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/WRA-RJS-303519/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>james.bailey@redstone.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-AP-A, Building 5681, Wood Road Redstone Arsenal AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>N
<NAICS>561790
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Hill AFB OO-ALC, OO-ALC/PKXD 6038 Aspen Ave (Bldg 1289), Hill AFB, UT, 84056, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>N -- Overhead Doors
<SOLNBR>fa8201-07-R-0104
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>12282007
<CONTACT>Brian Farrell, contracting specialist, Phone 801-775-2378, Email brian.farrell@hill.af.mil - Krista Argabright, Contract Negotiator, Phone 801-775-2380, Fax 801-777-4899, Email krista.argabright@hill.af.mil
<DESC>This is a solicitation for the acquisition of commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this announcement.                       This announcement constitutes the only presolicitation notice for this requirement; and is issued for notification purposes only.                       Any interested party should contact the below named for more information regarding this posting, all correspondence shall be received no later than 13 Dec 2007.
                       
The Operational Contracting Office (75CONS/PKB), Hill AFB Utah, intends to award a contract for the repair and installation of overhead doors located on Hill AFB, Little Mountain and the Utah Test and Training Range. The requirement is for a Basic contract with 4 option years. This contract will not include the purchase of new equipment.

Classification Data:
NAICS Code:                       561790
SBA Applicability & Size Standard:                       $500 Employees                       

Interested Parties Submission Information:
All prospective parties interested in more information regarding this synopsis shall request such information by email, please include: name, address, telephone number and point of contact, fax number, email address and commercial and Government (CAGE) code.                       All responses that are to be considered are due by 4:00 p.m, Hill AFB Mountain Standard Time on the date stated above. 

Contracting Administrator
SSgt Brian M Farrell
Email Address: Brian.farrell@hill.af.mil
Phone: 801-775-2378
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/fa8201-07-R-0104/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>84056
<POPADDRESS>Hill AFB, UT 84056
</PRESOL>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Technology Service (FTS)
<LOCATION>Federal Technology Service (2TS)
<ZIP>10278
<CLASSCOD>N
<NAICS>238210
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Federal Technology Service (FTS), Federal Technology Service (2TS), 26 Federal Plaza, Room 1809, New York, NY, 10278, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>N -- Sources Sought of Qualified Small Business Concerns for an Audio/video Equipment(s) and Audio/Video/Data Cabling Installations
<SOLNBR>02TR4780021
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12302007
<CONTACT>Albert Viscione, Contracting Officer, Phone 212-264-4310, Fax 212-264-6012, Email albert.viscione@gsa.gov - Edward Lew, Senior Contracting Officer, Phone (212) 264-4782, Fax (212) 264-6012, Email edward.lew@gsa.gov
<DESC>The General Services Administration, Northeast and Caribbean Region is seeking qualified small businesses that are interested in the following requirement as a result of this market survey:

Installation of new equipment and associated services for the following telecommunications project :  (1). Voice and Data Cabling Systems; (2). Audio - Visual Systems (Audio Systems, Video Systems, Media Control Systems, & Projection Screens); (3).  Commssioning, as part of the modernization effort of the existing Emanuel Celler Courthouse, U.S. District Court, 225 Cadman Plaza East, Brooklyn, NY. The Celler building consist of a structure of approximately 124,000 square foot.  An estimated project range amount for this effort is between $1.25M to $2.0M.

To qualify for this effort, a small business concern must answer and reply to the attached qualification questionnaire form, and be graded with a score ranging in the upper 20 percentile on a 180 point grading scheme.  The completed form must be submitted no later than close of business (5:00 PM local time), ATTN:  Albert Viscione, GSA Northeast and Caribbean Region, Federal Acquisition Services, AAS, New York, NY, either by fax, at (212) 264-6012, or by e-mail at albert.viscione@gsa.gov.  If you have any questions, please call either Albert Viscione, at (212) 264-4310, or Edward Lew, at (212) 264-4782.

The Government is not obligated to make an award as a result of this survey.  The Government only wishes to secure a list of potential offers that are small business concerns that can qualify to perform the above effort.  If an adequate amount of qualified small business concerns is realized, a solicitation maybe released for this effort,  and further qualifications will be required from the those concerns who have been previously qualified as a result of this market survey.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FTS/2TS/02TR4780021/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>225 Cadman Plaza East, Brooklyn, NY.
<POPZIP>11201
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Program Support Center
<LOCATION>Division of Acquisition Management
<ZIP>20857
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>561612
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, Program Support Center, Division of Acquisition Management, Parklawn Building Room 5-101 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD, 20857, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>S -- Security Services for Four HHS Facilities
<SOLNBR>08EOMHA000042
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01012008
<CONTACT>Brendan Miller, Contract Specialist, Phone 301-443-5241, Fax 301-443-3849, Email bjmiller@psc.gov
<DESC>Originally, this requirement was listed as an 8(a), Hubzone set-aside.  However, it is actually meant to be a total Hubzone set-aside.  All Hubzone businesses interested in this requirement are encouraged to view the solicitation package, which we anticipated we will post the week of December 17th, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/PSC/DAM/08EOMHA000042/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0810
<YEAR>05
<AGENCY>United States Postal Service
<OFFICE>Supplies and Services Purchasing
<LOCATION>Services Purchasing (Headquarters)
<ZIP>20260-6237
<CLASSCOD>H
<NAICS>491110
<OFFADD>United States Postal Service, Supplies and Services Purchasing, Services Purchasing (Headquarters), 475 L'Enfant Plaza  SW      Room 4541, Washington, DC, 20260-6237
<SUBJECT>H -- Technical Support Services
<SOLNBR>2APSER-05-TECHSUPPORT
<RESPDATE>071505
<CONTACT>Joseph Han, Purchasing and Supply Management Specialist, Phone 202-268-6987, Fax 202-268-2595, Email jhan@email.usps.gov
<DESC>The following firms are being announced, for purposes of partnering and subcontracting possibilities, as the pre-qualified group chosen for further participation in the Postal Service Technical Support Services under 2APSER-05-TECHSUPPORT.

VSE Corporation
Anne Sautter
703-329-4728
acsautter@vsecorp.com

Serco, Inc.
Gaylon Smith
571-226-5131
Gaylon.Smith@serco.com

AC Technologies, Inc.
Jennifer King
703-207-6238
jking@ac-tech.com

ICF Consulting
Paul Brenner
703-934-3285
pbrenner@icfconsulting.com

Scientific Applications International Corporation (SAIC)
Marvin Branham
405-869-6227
marvin.e.branham@saic.com

Harris Corporation
Paul Kasulis
703-610-4367
pkasulis@harris.com


------------------------------------------------------------------


A) Overview

The U.S. Postal Service (USPS) requires contract personnel to support the Engineering Department by performing a variety of Engineering  related functions including, but not limited to, technology development, application, planning, analysis, design and acquisition management and integrated life cycle support  planning, maintenance and environmental management, and software management in support of USPS operational and financial goals. The services required deal primarily with experienced technical and management specialists who are capable of performing in a professional environment in support of the systems and technology transforming the USPS into a world class 21st Century business.

Currently Engineering uses over 150 contract persons in numerous labor categories, funded by various different financial accounts, and it is anticipated that these figures will remain viable for the duration of the initial contract term.  However, the USPS may increase or decrease the number of contract personnel at any time, and there is no guaranteed minimum number of contract employees that must be maintained.

Most contract employees are domiciled at the Engineering offices in Merrifield, VA or some specific suppliers facility.  Depending upon assignment, some contract employees may travel extensively throughout the United States.  Some assignments may require less or more than 40 hours per week.  A five-day workweek is contemplated for most assignments.  No minimum workweek is guaranteed.  

The supplier must be able to perform recruiting, managing, invoicing, and reporting tasks as a minimum.  Training shall be provided as necessary by the supplier in order to meet and maintain personnel requirements.  

B)  Required Supplier Criteria and Other Information

The USPS intends to pre-qualify respondents capable of providing an innovative and commercially available technical staffing and management services. Respondents included in any subsequent pre-qualified group may be invited to participate in follow-up pre-qualification processes, a discovery process, Reverse Auction or to provide proposals in response to the USPS Request for Proposal.  However, the USPS reserves the right to terminate this process if it is deemed that the availability or maturity of the commercial solutions does not fit the current need or vision of the USPS.  Responding to this notice does not guarantee pre-qualification or participation in future USPS activities. The USPS may make one or more awards to support this activity.

C)  Selection Process

The USPS decision to pre-qualify respondents is a business decision of the USPS Purchasing team.  Pre-qualification does not constitute an award.  Pre-qualification will be based on a composite of all responses, not any single item, that demonstrate a respondents capability to provide an innovative and commercially available technical and management services.  All qualified respondents may not be placed in the pre-qualified group if the purchase team determines that a smaller group may provide adequate competition or that some respondents are considerably more qualified than others, thereby precluding opportunities for others less qualified.  Respondents whose responses to this notice indicate that their solution is (1) not commercially available, (2) beyond the current or immediate experience level or resources of their firm, or (3) deemed unrealistically incompatible with the USPS environment and vision, may not be considered for pre-qualification.

D)  Notification to Selected Suppliers

The contracting officer will notify all respondents of their pre-qualification status.  The list of pre-qualified candidates will be publicized.

E)  Request for Information Instructions 

1.	This entire document should be saved and emailed to Joseph.S.Han@usps.gov by 12:00 PM EST, July 15, 2005.  If email is unavailable, documents should be mailed to:  Joseph S. Han, USPS, 475 LEnfant Plaza SW Room 4131, Washington DC 20260-4131.
2.	No faxed copies will be accepted.
3.	The limit is 20 pages and it should be concise and focused on the solicited questions.
4.	Sales Brochures, videos and other marketing information materials are not solicited and will not be reviewed.
5.	Do not submit cost or price information with response.
6.	The Contracting Officer for the Postal Service may accept responses after the due date.  Acceptance will be at the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer and in the best interest of the Postal Service.

F)  Minimum Requirements 

The following is a current non-exclusive set of constraints (minimum requirements) that should be met for any suppliers seeking pre-qualification.  

1.	At least two years in the temporary technical staffing services business.
2.	Key personnel including recruiters to have quality professional qualifications.
3.	Able to obtain and maintain full/part time professional staffs of 100 - 200 individuals.  
4.	Able to provide detailed invoices that can be broken down by programs, finance numbers, sub-accounts, job assignments, travel costs, work hours, travel hours, employee, etc.
5.	Able to provide extensive travel arrangements as required for personnel. 

G)  Capabilities 

1) Provide a brief summary of your firm's experience in recruiting quality professionals including:

a)	Qualifications and accomplishments of recruiters, professional associations, certifications, experience.
b)	Training and quality knowledge of other key employees, professional associations, certifications, experience.
c)	Travel arrangements and agencies used.
d)	Response rates and accomplishments in locating candidates for assignments including international sites.
e)	Your firm's advantages in supplying personnel for the quality profession.
f)	Employee satisfaction methods to promote longevity of employees.
g)	Evaluating, Retaining, and Transitioning existing personnel to your firm with minimal disruption. 

2) Please provide a brief summary of your firms electronic interfacing capabilities including:
 
a)	Employee records and assignments
b)	Funding of tasks
c)	Expense tracking and certification of expenses
d)	Invoice sorting capabilities
e)	Uploading information needed by clients
f)	Tracking of contract deliverables

3) Please provide a description of your financial capabilities and how you can meet the financial stability requirement of financing operations during the period of data collection invoicing and invoice payment, which can run up to six to eight weeks.

4) Please provide contact information for five (5) clients that receive a similar level of support as outlined above.  Briefly describe the level and nature of support provided.

H)  General Company and Contact Information

1) Company Name:
2) Contact Name and Title:
3) Contact Phone Number:
4) Contact Fax Number:
5) Contact Email Address:
6) Company Internet Website Address:

I)  Finance Resources

Please provide your firm's most recent 10(k) or annual audited financial statement.  Provide in electronic format as an attachment to this document.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USPS/SSP/SPHQ/2APSER-05-TECHSUPPORT/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>TBD
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Postal Service
<OFFICE>Supplies and Services Purchasing
<LOCATION>Professional Printing & Creative Sercives CMC
<ZIP>20260-6255
<CLASSCOD>B
<NAICS>541910
<OFFADD>United States Postal Service, Supplies and Services Purchasing, Professional Printing & Creative Sercives CMC, 475 L'Enfant Plaza  SW      Room 4541, Washington, DC, 20260-6255, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>B -- STAMP SUBJECT, DESIGN AND RIGHTS RESEARCH
<SOLNBR>2ASPER-07-A-0007
<RESPDATE>112007
<ARCHDATE>12052007
<CONTACT>Nicholas Faiola, Purchasing and Supply Management Specialist, Phone (202) 268-4127, Fax (202) 268-2595, Email nicholas.faiola@usps.gov
<DESC>The following firms and points of contact are being announced (in no particular order), for purposes of partnering and subcontracting possibilities, as the pre-qualified group chosen for further participation in the U.S. Postal Service Stamp Subject, Design and Rights Research services solicitation under 2APSER-07-A-0007:





Harkavy Consulting LLC
Michael Harkavy
Mdharkavy@aol.com






PhotoAssist, Inc.
Doug Hill
doug@photoassist.com
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USPS/SSP/PPHQ/2ASPER-07-A-0007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>475 L'Enfant Plaza SW
Washington, DC
<POPZIP>20260
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>George C. Marshall Space Flight Center
<LOCATION>Procurement Office
<ZIP>35812
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>NASA/George C. Marshall Space Flight Center, Procurement Office, Marshall Space Flight Center, AL 35812
<SUBJECT>D--FOUR MONTH EXTENSION OF THE UNIFIED NASA INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES UNITES CONTRACT NNM04AA02C
<SOLNBR>4200214606
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Jeffrey S. Jackson, Contracting Officer, Phone 256-544-8935, Fax 256-544-8993, Email Jeffrey.S.Jackson@nasa.gov - Walter S. Melton III, Contracting Officer, Phone 256-544-0299, Fax 256-544-8993, Email walter.s.melton@nasa.gov
<DESC>This is a modification to the synopsis entitled FOUR MONTH EXTENSION OF THE UNIFIED NASA INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES (UNITeS) CONTRACT NNM04AA02C which was posted on September 25, 2007. You are notified that the following changes are made:  NASA/MSFC has a requirement to extend by an additional four months the services provided under contract NNM04AA02C.  The four months are in addition to the four months previously synopsized, for a total extension of eight months, through August 31, 2009.  The additional four months required are based on the rationale delineated in the original synopsis.  However, the Agency's Chief Information Officer's key scope decisions will now occur four months later than originally anticipated. NASA intends to negotiate only with the incumbent contractor, Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) of San Diego, California, for the eight month extension. NASA/MSFC intends to acquire the follow-on services that will commence on September 1, 2009, through full and open competition under separate procurement(s). Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the eight month extension effort in writing to the identified point of contact not later than 4:30 p.m. local time on December 19, 2007.  Such capabilities/qualifications will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct this eight month extension procurement on a competitive basis.  A determination by the Government not to compete this eight month extension procurement on a full and open competition basis, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the Government. Documents related to this procurement will be available over the Internet.  These documents will reside on a World Wide Web (WWW) server, which may be accessed using a WWW browser application.  The Internet site, or URL, for the NASA/MSFC Business Opportunities home page is http://prod.nais.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/eps/bizops.cgi?gr=D&pin=62    Offerors are responsible for monitoring this site for the release of the solicitation and any amendments.   Potential offerors are responsible for downloading their own copy of the solicitation and amendments (if any).
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/GMSFC/POVA/4200214606/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Jeffrey.S.Jackson@nasa.gov
<DESC>Jeffrey S. Jackson </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Technology Service (FTS)
<LOCATION>FTS-9TS-SMTP
<ZIP>92131
<CLASSCOD>70
<OFFADD>9988 Hibert Street , San Diego , CA 92131
<SUBJECT>70--Tumbleweed Maintenance (Client DOD-DMDC) 9T8NBAIC018
<SOLNBR>9T8NBAIC018
<RESPDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>06022008
<CONTACT>Name: Kristen Hill, Title: Buyer, Phone: 8585372221, Fax: 6197938708cell, Email: kristen.hill@fedbid.com;
<DESC>MODIFICATION NOTICE: Bids are being solicited under solicitation number 9T8NBAIC018.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; bids are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation is issued as an invitation for bids (IFB), unless otherwise indicated herein. If your company can provide the product/services listed on the solicitation and comply with all of the solicitation instructions, please respond to this notice. To view the specifications, please go to www.FedBid.com and reference Buy No. 59197.  <BR><BR>GSA SCHEDULE 70 ONLY:   Sellers bidding on this opportunity MUST have the items requested on the specified contract. The contract must either be in the Seller's name or the Seller must be able to document its ability to act as an agent of a partner's contract. Sellers may offer Open Market items only in accordance with the approved Terms and Conditions of their respective contract AND approval from the soliciting contracting officer.<BR><BR> This requirement is unrestricted and only qualified sellers may submit bids. The solicitation pricing on www.FedBid.com will start on the date this solicitation is posted and will end on 2007-12-05 14:00:00.0 Eastern Time or as otherwise displayed at www.FedBid.com. FOB Destination shall be Seaside, CA 93955 <BR><BR>The GSA FTS Region 9 requires the following items, Brand Name or Equal, to the following:  <BR>LI 001, OPTION 1  - Gold 12x5 Support Tumbleweed EVA Responders License , 2, EA;<BR>LI 002, OPTION 1  - Gold 12x5 Support Tumbleweed EVA User License  , 50, EA;<BR>LI 003, OPTION 1  - Gold 12x5 Support Tumbleweed Server Validators , 6, EA; <BR><BR>For this solicitation, GSA FTS Region 9 intends to conduct an online competitive reverse auction to be facilitated by the third-party reverse auction provider, FedBid, Inc. FedBid has developed an online, anonymous, browser based application to conduct the reverse auction. A Seller may submit a series of pricing bids, which descend in price during the specified period of time for the aforementioned reverse auction. GSA FTS Region 9 is taking this action in an effort to improve both seller access and awareness of requests and the agency's ability to gather multiple, completed, real-time bids. All responsible Sellers that respond to this solicitation MUST submit the pricing portion of their bid using the online exchange located at www.FedBid.com. There is no cost to register, review procurement data or make a bid on www.FedBid.com. Sellers that are not currently registered to use www.FedBid.com should proceed to www.FedBid.com to complete their free registration. Sellers that require special considerations or assistance may contact the FedBid Helpdesk at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or via email at clientservices@fedbid.com. Sellers may not artificially manipulate the price of a transaction on www.FedBid.com by any means. It is unacceptable to place bad faith bids, to use decoys in the www.FedBid.com process or to collude with the intent or effect of hampering the competitive www.FedBid.com process. Should Sellers require additional clarification, contact FedBid at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or clientservices@fedbid.com.<BR><BR> Use of FedBid:   Buyers and Sellers agree to conduct this transaction through FedBid in compliance with the FedBid Terms of Use.  Buyers and Sellers understand that FedBid ranks all bids by price; however, pursuant to applicable acquisition regulations and/or departmental guidelines, Buyers may use criteria other than price to evaluate offers.  Accordingly, please note that, unless otherwise specified herein below, to the extent required by applicable regulations and/or guidelines, award will be made to the responsible Seller whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Buyer on the basis of price, technical capability, delivery, and past performance.<BR><BR> On or before 30 days ARO. Maintenance Coverage Period - 01/01/2008 - 12/31/2008<BR><BR>Vendors / sales agents submitting bids MUST BE registered in ITSS (it-solutions.gsa.gov). If vendor registration assistance is needed contact 877.243.2889 Option 2.<BR><BR>Contact: ClientServices@FedBid.com or call 877-933-3243 to address any questions or comments<BR><BR>Company must be registered on DOD's Central Contractor Registry (CCR). Web site is http://www.ccr.gov. Quote must include proof of CCR registration.<BR><BR>Bid MUST be good for 30 calendar days after submission<BR><BR>Bid per specifications requested.<BR><BR>Bid is to include all fees, including shipping or freight costs.<BR><BR>Provide on bid the estimated ETA, number of days, delivery can be expected after receipt of purchase order.<BR><BR>No partial shipments unless specifically authorized at time of award<BR><BR>All services and products provided in response to this requirement shall comply with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d) and the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board Electronics and Information Technical (EIT) Accessibility Standard (36 CFR part 1194). Quote must include statement addressing compliance or noncompliance with Section 508.<BR><BR>Failure to comply with the above instructions or terms may result in bid being determined as non-responsive.<BR><BR>New equipment only. No refurbished, gray market, or reconditioned items are acceptable.<BR><BR>Lowest Quote that is technically acceptable, to include delivery terms.<BR><BR>Please email Contract price verification information to clientservices@fedbid.com prior to closing date and time.<BR><BR>Additional attachments or bid information MUST be emailed to ClientServices@FedBid.com prior to bid closing.<BR><BR>
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FTS/9TS-SMTP/9T8NBAIC018/listing.html
<DESC>www.fedbid.com (b-59197, n-9916)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>Seaside, CA 93955
<POPZIP>93955-6771
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
<LOCATION>Contracts Management Office
<ZIP>22203-1714
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541710
<OFFADD>Other Defense Agencies, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, Contracts Management Office, 3701 North Fairfax Drive, Arlington, VA, 22203-1714, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- Revolution in Fiber Lasers (RIFL)
<SOLNBR>BAA07-34
<RESPDATE>012508
<ARCHDATE>12212008
<CONTACT>Joseph Mangano, Program Manager - MTO, Phone 000-000-0000, Fax 703-696-2206, Email jmangano@darpa.mil - Michael Blackstone, Contracting Officer, Phone (571) 218-4804, Fax (703) 696-2208, Email michael.blackstone@darpa.mil
<DESC>This modification changes the response date from 11 January 2008 to 25 January 2008.  The revised BAA document also reflects this change.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/ODA/DARPA/CMO/BAA07-34/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0709
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management (AQM)
<ZIP>20219
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541512
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Acquisition Management (AQM), 250 E Street, SW Mail Stop 4-13, Washington, DC, 20219, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Supervisory PMO Integrator Support Services
<SOLNBR>CC-07-HQ-R-0034a
<RESPDATE>072307
<CONTACT>Edwin Davis, Contracting Specialist, Phone 202 874-5144, Fax null, Email edwin.davis@occ.treas.gov - Stephanie Gorski, Acquisition Specialist, Phone 202-874-4639, Fax null, Email stephanie.gorski@occ.treas.gov
<DESC>Pre-proposal attendance list has been uploaded. The answers to vendor question will be posted by not later than July 6, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TREAS/OCC/ASDMS413/CC-07-HQ-R-0034a/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>250 E. Street SW
Washington, DC
<POPZIP>20219
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0703
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management (AQM)
<ZIP>20219
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541512
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Acquisition Management (AQM), 250 E Street, SW Mail Stop 4-13, Washington, DC, 20219, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Supervisory PMO Integrator Support Services
<SOLNBR>CC-07-HQ-R-0034a
<RESPDATE>072307
<CONTACT>Edwin Davis, Contracting Specialist, Phone 202 874-5144, Fax null, Email edwin.davis@occ.treas.gov
<DESC>This amendment incorporates changes to the solicitation and provides a response to vendor questions.

1.  Delete paragraph 1.6 - Representative Project of the IDIQ Statement of Objectives (SOO) - The STARS requirement will be the representative project and first task order.

2.  All vendors are required to provide pricing (without a total extended amount) from the base year, four one-year options and the three one-year award terms. Also, the fixed fee must be proposed as a percentage.

3.  Evaluation factor number five is being added to this solicitation - Factor 5:  Teaming Arrangements Offerors must clearing define the roles and responsibilities that each partner of the team will be accountable for. The arrangements must delineate the roles and responsibilities down to the potential task order level. The award will be issued only to the prime contractor and the OCC will only make payments to the prime contractor.

4.  Reference paragraph 8.8 of the STARS SOO, the OCC does not have a standardized tool; however, the OCC PMOs are currently Rationale Suite 7.0.

5.  Attachment 13, paragraph 2 - Delete the following sentence: A total of six (6) offerors will be selected to participate in the oral presentations. Please note that the down select procedures are as indicated under M.3(3) of the solicitation. Also, change the reference to attachment 15 to read attachment 13.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TREAS/OCC/ASDMS413/CC-07-HQ-R-0034a/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>250 E. Street SW
Washington, DC
<POPZIP>20219
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0627
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management (AQM)
<ZIP>20219
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541512
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Acquisition Management (AQM), 250 E Street, SW Mail Stop 4-13, Washington, DC, 20219, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Supervisory PMO Integrator Support Services
<SOLNBR>CC-07-HQ-R-0034a
<RESPDATE>072307
<CONTACT>Edwin Davis, Contracting Specialist, Phone 202 874-5144, Fax null, Email edwin.davis@occ.treas.gov
<DESC>Vendors are hereby notified that responses to vendor questions and adjustments to previously posted attachments have been uploaded to this solicitation. In particular the following documents have been updated or added: Attachment J - 1, Attachment J- 2, Pre-proposal conference list, PMO RFP and Cabling Specification documents.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TREAS/OCC/ASDMS413/CC-07-HQ-R-0034a/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>250 E. Street SW
Washington, DC
<POPZIP>20219
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Mobility Command
<LOCATION>305th CONS
<ZIP>08641
<CLASSCOD>39
<NAICS>423830
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Mobility Command, 305th CONS, 2402 Vandenburg, McGuire AFB, NJ, 08641, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>39 -- KC-10 Cargo Net Elevation Tool (CNET)
<SOLNBR>CNETRFI
<RESPDATE>122807
<ARCHDATE>01122008
<CONTACT>Lorraine Carruba, Contract Specialist, Phone 609-754-3617, Fax 609-754-4642, Email lorraine.carruba@mcguire.af.mil - Latoya Payne, Contract Manager, Phone 609-754-4726, Fax 609-754-4642, Email latoya.payne@mcguire.af.mil
<DESC>KC-10 Cargo Net Elevation Tool (CNET)

  The US Air Force Air Mobility Battlelab is exploring commercial/government off-the-shelf (COTS/GOTS) technologies related to a lighter KC-10 cargo net with integrated hoisting system that will minimize manpower and reduce time necessary to manually raise and secure cargo net during cargo operations.  The system proposed should be low profile, lightweight and integrate with the current cargo net attach points. The new net must meet all current KC-10 G-Ratings.  
  The lifting system must not interfere with the net?s rated cargo restraint capability nor will it reduce the internal contour limitations of the cargo compartment.  Hoist can be manual or motorized but must be able to support the raised cargo net (approximately 235lbs) whenever it is not required to be fully lowered and installed for cargo operations. The new net and integrated lifting system must not weigh more than current net, approximately 235lbs.
This Request for Information (RFI) may be followed by a request for proposal to conduct a Battlelab Concept Demonstration.  All possible offerors are strongly encouraged to submit information supporting this request.  NOTICE TO FOREIGN OFFERORS: Foreign or foreign-owned offerors are advised that their participation is subject to foreign disclosure review procedures and restrictions that could preclude their participation in this announcement.   SUBMISSIONS: Product information may be submitted until 28 Dec 07.  RFIs should not exceed five pages and should include cost estimates.  Electronic responses shall be submitted in MS Word format or Adobe PDF file.  Include the RFI identification number, company information (address, phone number, e-mail) as well as the company?s primary point of contact for this project.  Refer technical questions and submit product information to the Air Mobility Battlelab at battlelab@mcguire.af.mil.  
THE SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT CONCERNING THIS RFI IS CAPT JOHN YERGER.  You may contact Capt Yerger with any questions at (609) 754-7608 or john.yerger@mcguire.af.mil.  Electronic submittals are strongly encouraged.  GENERAL AMB INFORMATION: The United States Air Force (USAF) Air Mobility Battlelab (AMB) is the Mobility Air Forces (MAF) catalyst for innovation across the spectrum of MAF missions and skills.  We capitalize on links with industry, laboratories, academia and MAF professionals, to advance the USAF distinctive capabilities of Rapid Global Mobility and Agile Combat Support.  The AMB strongly encourages partnering with companies to complete demonstrations through cooperative research and development agreements (CRADAs), cooperative agreements, or bailment agreements, but does have a small budget to purchase COTS/GOTS-derived hardware.

GENERAL RFI INFORMATION:     The purpose of this RFI is to obtain information about market information or capabilities for planning purposes as defined in FAR 15.201(e).  Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract.  Offerors are advised that only Air Force Contracting Officers are legally authorized to commit the Government to the obligation of funds.  Offerors are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI.  For copyright purposes, offerors are also advised that submitting a proposal implies express permission for the Government to use the data, pictures, and other information contained in the submittals. 

Point of Contact
Questions on the objectives or preparation of the white paper and/or technical proposal should be addressed to Capt John Yerger, Air Mobility Battlelab, 5656 Texas Ave, Ft Dix, NJ 08640, Commercial (609) 754-7938, battlelab@mcguire.af.mil. Questions related to contracting or cost issues should be directed to Mrs. Lorraine Carruba at lorraine.carruba@mcguire.af.mil, Commercial (609)-754-3617 or 1Lt Latoya Payne at latoya.payne@mcguire.af.mil, Commercial (609) 754-4726.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AMC/305CONS/CNETRFI/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>USAF Air Mobility Battlelab
5656 Texas Ave
Ft Dix, NJ
<POPZIP>08640
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Transportation
<OFFICE>Federal Highway Administration (FHWA)
<LOCATION>Western Federal Lands Highway Division
<ZIP>98661-3801
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>237310
<OFFADD>Department of Transportation, Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Western Federal Lands Highway Division, 610 East Fifth Street, Vancouver, WA, 98661-3801, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Y -- OR PFH 155-1(2), BLAINE ROAD
<SOLNBR>DTFH70-08-B-00002
<RESPDATE>121307
<CONTACT>Contracts Office, Western Federal Lands Highway Division, Phone (360)619-7520, Fax (360)619-7932, Email contracts@mail.wfl.fhwa.dot.gov
<DESC>OR PFH 155-1(2), BLAINE ROAD, SIUSLAW NATIONAL PARK, TILLAMOOK COUNTY, OREGON.

THIS MODIFICATION CHANGES THE RESPONSE DATE TO DECEMBER 13, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOT/FHWA/WFL/DTFH70-08-B-00002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>APPROXIMATELY 19 MILES SOUTHEAST OF TILLAMOOK, OREGON
<POPZIP>97141
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Maxwell AFB Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>36112-6334
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541519
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Education and Training Command, Maxwell AFB Contracting Squadron, 50 LeMay Plaza South Bldg 804, Maxwell AFB, AL, 36112-6334, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- F2XTA87235A001 Readiness Base Leveling
<SOLNBR>FA330008R0002
<RESPDATE>120507
<ARCHDATE>12202007
<CONTACT>Kay Bent, Contract Specialist, Phone (334) 953-4209, Fax (334) 953-3527, Email kay.bent@maxwell.af.mil
<DESC>The purpose of this modification is to add the following Statement:  "This requirement will be issued on an unrestricted basis."  The remaining portion of the original published Presolicitation Notice remains unchanged.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/MaxAFBCS/FA330008R0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>AFLMA
501 Ward Street
Maxwell AFB, Gunter Annex, AL
<POPZIP>36114-3236
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting), 3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-3015, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>29--HOUSING ASSY,OIL FI
<SOLNBR>FA8104-08-Q-0034
<RESPDATE>120507
<ARCHDATE>12202007
<CONTACT>Stacey Jackson, Contract Negotiator, Phone 405-739-2128, Fax 405-739-3462, Email stacey.jackson@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20300870780 Item: 0001 NSN: 2945007578264RVRV HOUSING ASSY,OIL FI P/N: 489114,  Description: HOUSING -OIL FILTER.  MAGNESIUM ALLOY MATERIAL.  APPROX SIZE 10 LONG BY 8 WIDE BY 8 INCHES HIGH.  FUNCTIONS AS A HOUSING FOR MAIN OIL SCREEN AND OIL PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE. HOLLOW WITH VARIOUS THREADED AND PLAIN OPENINGS. APPL TO TF003303/11A ENG. Total Line Item Qty: 16.0000    The quantity to be awarded will be between 4 to 24 each. 3 First Articles are required one will be destroyed and 2 each will be considered as production quantity. Destn: FB2039,Tinker AFB,OK.,73145-9013.  Delivery: 01FEB2009, 16.00     PR Number(s): FD20300870780 Item: 0002 NSN: 2945007578264RVRV HOUSING ASSY,OIL FI P/N: 489114,  Description: HOUSING -OIL FILTER.  MAGNESIUM ALLOY MATERIAL.  APPROX SIZE 10 LONG BY 8 WIDE BY 8 INCHES HIGH.  FUNCTIONS AS A HOUSING FOR MAIN OIL SCREEN AND OIL PRESSURE RELIEF VALVE. HOLLOW WITH VARIOUS THREADED AND PLAIN OPENINGS. APPL TO TF003303/11A ENG. Total Line Item Qty: 1.0000    Destn: FY2303,TINKER AFB,OK.,73145-9156.  Delivery:          , 1.00     The anticipated award date will be:05DEC2007 Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets qualification requirements at the time of award in accordance with FAR clause 52.209-1.  The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualification requirements as cited in each individual solicitation. See Note(s) 1, 25 and 26.                                    Note:  An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition.  The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel.  When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern.  The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process.  Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 736-3273.  DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8104-08-Q-0034/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>53
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 984 CBSG/PKL;6050 GUM LANE  BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056
<SUBJECT>53--Spacer, Ring
<SOLNBR>FA8203-08-Q-70166
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<CONTACT>Norma E Salvitti, Phone 801-586-6275, Fax 801-777-4927, Email norma.salvitti@hill.af.mil
<DESC>The anticipated award date will be:03JAN2008 Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.  See Note(s) 26.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/FA8203-08-Q-70166/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>norma.salvitti@hill.af.mil
<DESC>Norma Salvitti
<SETASIDE>N/A
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>NB Contractor - The Staubach Company
<ZIP>22102
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531120
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), NB Contractor - The Staubach Company, 8484 Westpark Drive, Suite 150, McLean, VA, 22102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT SEEKS LEASED SPACE IN AKRON, OHIO
<SOLNBR>GS-05B-18087
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>12262007
<CONTACT>Angela Foster, Contractor - GSA NB, Phone 703-448-3555, Fax 202-654-7235, Email Angela.Foster@Staubach.com
<DESC>REQUIREMENT:
The United States Government seeks to lease approximately 3,863 Rentable Square Feet (RSF) of space to yield 3,203 Useable Square Feet (USF) of contiguous first class, high-quality office space in Akron, Ohio. Space offered should be on a single floor and not on the first (1st) floor. Said space shall be in a secure building and meet applicable federal, state and local codes and have the potential for efficient layout.  Occupancy is estimated to be no later than October 1, 2008.  

DELINEATED AREA:
The space will be located within the following delineated area boundaries: Perkins Street, West Mill Street, Quaker Street, East Bowery Street, South Main Street, West Bartges Street, South Broadway Street, North Broadway Street.

REQUIRED:
All services, supplies, utilities and tenant alterations are to be provided as part of the rental consideration.  The Government shall have access to the space 24 hours per day, 7 days per week.  Access to one (1) structured parking space is required.  Additional parking available in close proximity to the building is desirable.  The Government prefers to be near moderately priced eat-in restaurants as well as retail shops and banks.  The offered space must meet Government requirements for security, fire safety and handicapped accessibility.  

LEASE TERM:
Term is for 10 years, 5 years firm. 

EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST: If you desire to submit a location for consideration, please forward information by 5:00 pm EST, December 11, 2007. Expressions of interest should include building name and address, location of space in the building, rentable square feet offered and rentable rate per square foot (specifying services and utilities included), ANSI/BOMA defined usable square feet, and contact information for owner or authorized agent.  Brokers or agents may represent the prospective landlord, but any properties or proposals submitted by brokers/agents must be accompanied by written evidence that they are authorized to represent the building's ownership.

To submit a location for consideration, please contact the following office:

Lori.Giesen@staubach.com or by mail to:
Lori Giesen
The Staubach Company
127 Public Square
Suite 2410
Cleveland, Ohio 44114 
Telephone (216) 937-4394, Fax (216) 861-7172
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/NBSC/GS-05B-18087/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Chicago, IL
<POPZIP>60604
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0214
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<RESPDATE>032007
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<DESC>The release of the DISN Network Management Support Services ? Global/Recompete (DNMSS-G/R) Network Engineering Contract (NEC) request for proposal (RFP) is anticipated to be released not later than 2 Feb 2007.  

The RFP will be posted to the World Wide Web at http:www.ditco.disa.mil under - Contracting Opportunities / Information Technology RFP/RFQ/RFI.  All responses from responsible sources will be considered for evaluation and award of the contract. Oral communications are not acceptable. All inquiries regarding this requirement shall be submitted electronically and directed to Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer at Mark.Youmans@disa.mil  Set-aside Status: Full and Open Competition.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
<POPZIP>22204
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0201
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<RESPDATE>032007
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<DESC>The notice is to announce the release of the DISN Network Management Support Services - Global/Recompete Network Engineering Contract (DNMSS-G/R NEC).  The Defense Information Technology Contracting Organization (DITCO), Services Support Branch (PL831) is issuing the attached full and open Request for Proposal (RFP) for Administration, Operation and Maintenance, Network Management, and related services to support the DISN. This includes providing continuing system and network planning, engineering, enhancement, acquisition, implementation, integration, management, maintenance and operations support at Task Order-specified locations for the following components of the DISN: The Defense Switched Network (DSN) (voice services, the Defense Red Switch Network (DRSN) (secure voice services), the DSN and DRSN network management systems: Advanced DSN/DRSN Integrated Management Support System (ADIMSS/ARDIMSS), the Integrated Network Management System (INMS), and other specified DISN networks and systems and their respective management systems. Work performance locations include (but are not limited to): DISA Headquarters and DISN Global Network Operations Center, Arlington, VA, the National Capital Region (NCR), Washington, D.C.; DISA/DISN Program Management Office, Falls Church, VA; DISA/DITCO and DISN Global Network Operations Support Center, Scott AFB, IL; DISA Joint Integration Test Command, Ft. Huachuca, AZ; DISA-CENTCOM, MacDill AFB, FL; Theater Network Operations Centers outside the Continental United States; DISA-EUROPE TNC, Patch Barracks at Stuttgart, GE; DISA Pacific TNC at Wheeler Army Air Field, Wahiawa, HI; DISA-CENT at Manamah, Bahrain, in Southwest Asia. Period of Performance is a two (2) year base with three (3) one year option periods. The resultant contract will be an indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (ID/IQ), primarily with the use of firm fixed price and time and materials task orders.  The RFP will be posted 29 Jan 2007 to the World Wide Web at http:www.ditco.disa.mil under Contracting Opportunities - Information Technology RFP/RFQ/RFI of the DITCO Homepage. Proposals will be due 20 Mar 2007. All responses from responsible sources will be considered for evaluation and award of the contract. Oral communications are not acceptable. All inquiries regarding this requirement shall be submitted electronically and directed to Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer at DNMSSGR.NEC@disa.mil  Set-aside Status: Full and Open Competition.

This information will also be posted on the DITCO Contracting Opportunities Web Site.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
<POPZIP>22204
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0129
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<RESPDATE>032007
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<DESC>The purpose of this notice is to post Amendment 1 to Solicitation HC1013-06-R-2030.  Amendment 01 re-numbers the past performance, tehcnical and management approach elements to track with the relative importance assigned to each subfactor.  There is no change to the proposal due date.  

All inquiries regarding this requirement shall be submitted electronically and directed to the DNMSSG/R Contracting Officer, Mark Youmans or Trevor Whitaker using the DNMSS-G/R mailbox at DNMSSGR.NEC@disa.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
<POPZIP>22204
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0227
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<RESPDATE>032007
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<DESC>The Defense Information Technology Contracting Organization (DITCO), posts the attached Amendment 2 to solicitation HC1013-06-R-2030.  The purpose of this amendment is to revise the solicitation in response to questions and comments received from interested parties.  In addition, all questions/comments received and Government responses are posted with this amendment.

All questions and comments concerning this solicitation are to be submitted to the Contracting Officer, Mr. Mark Youmans, via Email to DNMSSGR.NEC@disa.mil. All questions/comments shall be submitted using the excel spreadsheet at Attachment 12, of the solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
<POPZIP>22204
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1207
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<DESC>The purpose of this notice is to post Amendment 3 to Solicitation HC1013-06-R-2030 for DISN Management Support Services-Global/Recompete Network Engineering Services (DNMSS-G/R NEC).  Amendment 03 posts interested party comments with Government responses, an amendment to the solicitation, and amended Attachment 9, Past Performance-Previous Contracting Efforts.  

All inquiries regarding this requirement shall be submitted electronically and directed to the DNMSS-G/R Contracting Officer, Mark Youmans or Trevor Whitaker using the DNMSS-G/R NEC mailbox at DNMSSGR.NEC@disa.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
<POPZIP>22204
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1227
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<DESC>The purpose of this notice is to post Amendment 4 to Solicitation HC1013-06-R-2030 for DISN Management Support Services-Global/Recompete Network Engineering Services (DNMSS-G/R NEC).  In addition to Amendment 04 the following documents are posted: Interested party comments with Government responses; revisions to Section J, Attachments 3, 4, 7, 13, 17, 32 and 36; spreadsheets outlining CDRL-DID incongruencies in the original RFP.  The proposal due date remains unchanged at 20 Mar 2007.

All inquiries regarding this requirement shall be submitted electronically and directed to the DNMSS-G/R Contracting Officer, Mark Youmans or Trevor Whitaker using the DNMSS-G/R NEC mailbox at DNMSSGR.NEC@disa.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
<POPZIP>22204
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0109
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<RESPDATE>012207
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<DESC>The Government anticipates release of the DISN Network Management Support Services ? Global/Recompete (DNMSS-G/R) Network Engineering Contract (NEC) request for proposal (RFP) between 15 and 31 Dec 2006.  However, regardless of the actual RFP release date, the proposals will be due no earlier than 45 days from 2 January 2007.

The RFP will be posted to the World Wide Web at http:www.ditco.disa.mil under "Contracting Opportunities" under "Information Technology RFP/RFQ/RFI".  All responses from responsible sources will be considered for evaluation and award of the contract. Oral communications are not acceptable. All inquiries regarding this requirement shall be submitted electronically and directed to Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer at Mark.Youmans@disa.mil  Set-aside Status: Full and Open Competition.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
<POPZIP>22204
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0309
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<RESPDATE>032007
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<DESC>The anticipated release date for the DISN Network Management Support Services ? Global/Recompete (DNMSS-G/R) Network Engineering Contract (NEC) request for proposal (RFP) has changed.  The anticipated release date for the RFP is not sooner than 10 Jan 2007.  

The RFP will be posted to the World Wide Web at http:www.ditco.disa.mil under ?Contracting Opportunities? under ?Information Technology RFP/RFQ/RFI?.  All responses from responsible sources will be considered for evaluation and award of the contract. Oral communications are not acceptable. All inquiries regarding this requirement shall be submitted electronically and directed to Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer at Mark.Youmans@disa.mil  Set-aside Status: Full and Open Competition.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
<POPZIP>22204
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0122
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<RESPDATE>020207
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<DESC>The release of the DISN Network Management Support Services ? Global/Recompete (DNMSS-G/R) Network Engineering Contract (NEC) request for proposal (RFP) has been delayed.  The anticipated release date for the RFP is not sooner than 22 Jan 2007.  

The RFP will be posted to the World Wide Web at http:www.ditco.disa.mil under ?Contracting Opportunities? under ?Information Technology RFP/RFQ/RFI?.  All responses from responsible sources will be considered for evaluation and award of the contract. Oral communications are not acceptable. All inquiries regarding this requirement shall be submitted electronically and directed to Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer at Mark.Youmans@disa.mil  Set-aside Status: Full and Open Competition.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/HC1013-06-R-2030/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Various locations world wide.
<POPZIP>22204
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commander (fcp), USCG Maintenance and Logistics Command - Atlantic
<ZIP>23510-9113
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>561210
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commander (fcp), USCG Maintenance and Logistics Command - Atlantic, 300 East Main Street Suite 965, Norfolk, VA, 23510-9113, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- A76 STANDARD COMPETITION TO PROVIDE FACILITIES ENGINEERING SERVICES AT USCG SECTOR SAN JUAN, PUERTO RICO
<SOLNBR>HSCG84-07-R-AA7198
<RESPDATE>103107
<ARCHDATE>12312007
<CONTACT>Reginald Henderson, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-628-4129, Fax 757-628-4134, Email reginald.b.henderson@uscg.mil - Jeanie Thorne, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-628-4109, Fax 757-628-4134, Email jeanie.s.thorne@uscg.mil
<DESC>The projected award date for this A76 standard competition for Facilities Engineering Services at Sector San Juan, Puerto Rico is changed from "no later than December 5, 2007" (Formal Announcement, Reference Number USCGSANJUAN-A76FE, posted April 23, 2007) to read "no later than December 17, 2007". Any questions should be directed to the attention of Mr. Reginald Henderson via email at reginald.b.henderson@uscg.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/FCPMLCA/HSCG84-07-R-AA7198/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>5 Calle La Puntilla, San Juan, PR
<POPZIP>00901-1800
<POPCOUNTRY>PUERTO RICO
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commander (fcp), USCG Maintenance and Logistics Command - Atlantic
<ZIP>23510-9113
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>561210
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commander (fcp), USCG Maintenance and Logistics Command - Atlantic, 300 East Main Street Suite 965, Norfolk, VA, 23510-9113, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- A76 STANDARD COMPETITION TO PROVIDE PUBLIC WORKS AND FACILITIES ENGINEERING SERVICES AT USCG AIR STATION BORINQUEN, AGUADILLA, PUERTO RICO
<SOLNBR>HSCG84-07-R-AA7199
<RESPDATE>103107
<ARCHDATE>12312007
<CONTACT>Reginald Henderson, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-628-4129, Fax 757-628-4134, Email reginald.b.henderson@uscg.mil - Jeanie Thorne, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-628-4109, Fax 757-628-4134, Email jeanie.s.thorne@uscg.mil
<DESC>The projected award date for this A76 standard competition for Public Works and Facilities Engineering Services at Air Station Borinquen, Puerto Rico is changed from no later than December 6, 2007 (Formal Announcement,  Reference Number USCGBORINQUEN-A76PW, posted May 1, 2007) to read no later than December 17, 2007.  Any questions should be directed to the attention of Mr. Reginald Henderson via email at reginald.b.henderson@uscg.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/FCPMLCA/HSCG84-07-R-AA7199/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>260 Guard Road, Aguadilla, PR
<POPZIP>00604
<POPCOUNTRY>PUERTO RICO
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>Federal Emergency Management Agency
<LOCATION>Region IV
<ZIP>30341
<CLASSCOD>C
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Region IV, 3003 Chamblee Tucker Road, Atlanta, GA, 30341, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>C -- Multi-Hazard Flood Map Modernization Program within Region IV
<SOLNBR>HSFE04-08-RFP-0001
<RESPDATE>011408
<ARCHDATE>01182008
<CONTACT>Annette Wright, Contracting Officer, Phone 770.220.5663, Fax 770.220.5344, Email annette.wright@dhs.gov
<DESC>REGION IV
STATEMENT OF OBJECTIVES

Description, Purpose, and Background

The purpose of this acquisition is to obtain engineering and mapping support that will allow FEMA Region IV to accomplish its? goals of implementing the Multi-Hazard Flood Map Modernization (Map Modernization) program.  FEMA's long-term objective for Map Modernization is for the entire U.S. population to have reliable digital flood hazard data and maps for flood-prone areas.  

FEMA's Mitigation Division manages the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), the cornerstone of the nation's strategy for preparing communities for flood disasters.  The NFIP was created to reduce flood damage by identifying flood risks, encouraging sound floodplain management practices, and providing a mechanism through which people can insure their investments.  FEMA and its partners provide flood hazard data and maps to support flood insurance and floodplain management activities.  Map Modernization uses state-of-the-art technology, and engineering and digital mapping standards, to deliver reliable digital flood hazard data and maps in GIS format.  The national objectives of Map Modernization are as follows: 

1.  Establish and maintain a premier flood-hazard data collection and delivery system
FEMA will create a state-of-the-art, geospatial system that collects and maintains the best data available, integrates it into a national flood-layer theme, and provides easy access to reliable flood-hazard data and other information to support risk management applications and operations. 

2.  Build and maintain mutually beneficial partnerships
FEMA will foster mutually beneficial partnerships that achieve shared outcomes through the communication of flood risk and other hazards, and by improving the systems that support them.  Partnerships result in enhanced delivery of risk management applications and operations. Map Modernization includes innovative local, state, and Federal partnerships that use advanced technologies for determining and depicting flood hazards.  Map Modernization also includes improving E-Government processes for flood-hazard data collection and distribution.  Through this objective, FEMA intends to maximize the reuse of existing data and cost sharing in the collection of new data with local, state, and Federal partners. 

3.  Achieve effective program management
FEMA will develop and provide a sound program management structure that motivates partners to share responsibilities and aligns with partners' missions to reduce the Nation's vulnerability to floods and other hazards.  FEMA will develop and manage data quality standards and product specifications in a way that minimizes the complexity of the standards while maximizing interoperability of the data and systems. 

 
4.  Expand and better inform the user community
FEMA will foster public and stakeholder understanding of where to obtain flood and other hazard data, and how to use and analyze it in order to make sound decisions to reduce their vulnerability to natural and manmade hazards.

The Multi-Year Flood Hazard Identification Plan (MHIP) describes FEMA's strategy for updating flood maps used for NFIP purposes (http://www.fema.gov/fhm/mh_mhip.shtm).  It builds on the recommendations of the Technical Mapping Advisory Council, and FEMA's objectives for Map Modernization.  It provides a five-year forecast of flood mapping activities and quality standards thereby enabling mapping partners and flood map users to better plan for map updates.

Statement of Objectives for this Procurement

This Statement of Objectives (SOO), applies to Region IV.  The overall objectives of this procurement are in support of the strategic goals of the Department of Homeland Security www.dhs.gov, the goals of FEMA?s Strategic Plan, www.fema.gov, the purposes of the National Flood Insurance Program (42 U.S.C. ??4101 et. seq.), the objectives of Map Modernization and the annual statement of priorities established pursuant thereto, www. http://www.fema.gov/plan/prevent/fhm/mm_main.shtm. 

The specific objectives for this procurement include the following:

1.  Region IV requires continuing contractor support to procure the capability to produce seamless county-wide DFIRMs including county-wide FIS reports, which meet the requirements of FEMA?s Guidelines and Specifications for Flood Hazard Mapping Partners, and the quality standards outlined in Procedural Memorandum No. 38 ? Implementation of Floodplain Boundry Standards (Section 7 of MHIP V1.0), for selected counties within its territory; to produce flood insurance studies (FIS); and, to produce disaster recovery maps.

2.  Region IV requires continuing contractual support to build and maintain mutually beneficial partnerships which includes the ability to assist and train mapping partners and stakeholders in the support functions and technical aspects of flood hazard mapping and DFIRM creation (e.g. Cooperating Technical Partner (CTP), and Map Modernization Management Support (MMMS) activities).

3.  Region IV requires continuing effective program management of its Map Modernization work, including work with the flood hazard data collection and delivery system requirements of FEMA Headquarters as identified in the Mapping Information Platform.  Elements of this objective include:

?	The need to track contractor costs and progress on tasks for the timely support of Data Management and Project Control using Earned Value Management techniques;  
?	The need to use FEMA?s Mapping Information Platform (MIP) to share management and flood-hazard data and store the products of tasks completed by contractors;
?	The need to have contractors generate products that are compatible with the mapping and engineering tools of the MIP; and, 
?	Work with flood-hazard data collection and delivery systems required of FEMA headquarters as identified in the MIP.

4.  The Region may require the contractor to respond in other regions nationwide.  In addition to disaster related taskings, this objective may encompasses taskings associated with the first three objectives for other FEMA Regions.

The above objectives encompass taskings, including, but not limited to:

?	Conducting reconnaissance of study area to determine/verify actual field conditions and generate data for studies, including field survey and the production of topographic map data by aerial procedures where necessary;
?	Conducting hydrologic and hydraulic modeling; 
?	Conduct hydrologic and hydraulic modeling for risk assessment purposes, which could include the use of automated procedures and geo-referenced database applications;  
?	Producing flood insurance study including NFIP digital maps suitable for publication in accordance with FEMA guidelines; 
?	Conducting riverine and coastal modeling for risk assessment purposes, which could include the use of automated procedures and geo-referenced database applications;  
?	Preparing study background material for archiving; 
?	Coordinate final documents with the National Service Provider (NSP) and administer a comments and appeals process;
?	Delivering services to review, revise and/or supplement Cooperative Technical Partners (CTP) products and flood study data developed by federal or state agencies; 
?	Providing disaster recovery maps in a timely manner that could include the use of automated procedures and geo-referenced database applications; and 
?	Attending meetings in various communities and/or FEMA facilities.

Constraints

The principal activities of the FEMA regional offices for which engineering and mapping support is needed are described in the Guidelines and Specifications for Flood Hazard Mapping Partners (http://www.fema.gov/fhm/gs_main.shtm). The Guidelines and Specifications... are organized into three volumes and 14 appendices as described below:

Volume 1 explains the activities involved in the completion of Flood Map Projects and provides guidelines for performing those activities in the following phases: 

	?  Mapping Needs Assessment
	?  Project Scoping
	?  Topographic and Flood Hazard Data Development
	?  Map and Report Production
	?  Preliminary/Post-Preliminary Processing

Volume 2 provides guidelines for the processing of revisions and amendments to Flood Hazard Maps initiated by communities and other Flood Hazard Mapping Partners, including the following: 

	?  Coastal Barrier Resources System revisions
	?  Letters of Map Amendment
	?  Letters of Map Revision Based on Fill
	?  Letters of Map Revision
	?  Physical Map Revisions

Volume 3 provides guidelines and specifications for support activities performed for FEMA by various Mapping Partners in the following general categories: 

	?  Program coordination
	?  Special technical and program support
	?  Public outreach activities
	?  Special correspondence support
	?  Post-flood hazard verification/recovery tools
	?  Hazard identification and mapping activities
	?  Other program support
 
Appendices provide additional guidelines and specifications for the processes and products covered in Volumes 1, 2, and 3. Appendices cover the following topics: 

	?  Aerial Mapping and Surveying, including LIDAR
	?  Converting to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 
	?  Riverine Flooding Analyses and Mapping
	?  Coastal Flooding Analyses and Mapping
	?  Shallow Flooding Analyses and Mapping
	?  Ice-Jam Analyses and Mapping
	?  Alluvial Fan Flooding Analyses and Mapping
	?  Mapping of Areas Protected by Levee Systems
	?  Project Scoping Toolbox
	?  Format and Specifications for Flood Insurance Study Reports
	?  Format and Specifications for Flood Insurance Rate Maps
	?  Preparing Draft Digital Data and DFIRM Database
	?  Preparing and Maintaining Technical and Administrative Support Data
	?  Data Capture Standards and Data Capture Guidelines

Additionally procedural memoranda can be found at http://www.fema.gov/fhm/gs_memos.shtm  and are issued to: 
?	To implement updates to the Guidelines and the Document Control Procedures Manual; 
?	To provide additional clarification of procedures to be followed by FEMA, contractors, and Mapping Partners that are not documented in published guidance documents; and 
?	To establish procedures and policies for FEMA, contractors, and mapping partners

The MHIP details FEMA's 5-year plan for providing updated digital flood hazard data and maps for areas with flood risk. The completion of flood map updates initiated in the plan extends to 2010. This plan is revisited and updated yearly.  

Region IV requires the ability to enhance its capability to respond to disasters by accomplishing appropriate engineering studies and mapping on an accelerated schedule when needed. 

Region IV?s ability to achieve its? goals for the Map Modernization Program depend on the level of funding available.  Planned distributions of funds to the regions are addressed in Section 3 of the MHIP.

Region IV?s ability to achieve its? goals may be affected by the quality of related products produced by other mapping partners, and by the ability of other partners to meet delivery schedules.  

Contractors may be working with data that is restricted from release to the public.  This may include data that is protected by the Privacy Act.  Additionally, contractors may also be working with data (especially topographic data) that has either been acquired by FEMA or contributed by state or local partners. Be aware that some of this data is for flood hazard mapping work only and may be restricted to this defined purpose by licensing or subscription agreements.

Region IV will be working closely with FEMA?s National Service Provider (NSP) to achieve the goals of Map Modernization.  Contractors will also be required to work with the NSP to ensure that quality standards are met, to ensure that their work conforms to FEMA?s MIP, and to coordinate on other requirements.  A relationship should be established with the NSP to utilize the MIP and MIP tools to the maximum extent.

Contractors shall be responsible for meeting all quality standards outlined in both Chapter 7 of the Multi-Hazard Identification Plan, and all procedural memoranda issued (http://www.fema.gov/fhm/gs_memos.shtm), as of the date a Task order is awarded. 

Contractors must meet all appropriate State and Federal licensing and certification requirements for engineering, surveying, and mapping work.

The solution must address federal mandates regarding business practices, including, but not limited to: the Government Paperwork Elimination Act; the Government Information Security Reform Act; the Clinger-Cohen Act; the Government Performance and Results Act; the Federal Records Act; the Computer Security Act; the Freedom of Information Act; the Disabilities Act; Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act; the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000; the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994; the Stafford Act; the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1969; and other laws and regulations specific to FEMA.

Definitions

The following definitions are provided for use in further understanding the requirements of this Statement of Objectives:  

E-Government:  E-Government uses improved Internet-based technology to make it easy for citizens and businesses to interact with the government, save taxpayer dollars, and streamline citizen-to-government communications.

Partner:  An entity that leverages resources with FEMA (and others) to achieve a shared vision of hazard information communication.  Partners provide access to data that they maintain.

Premier System:  State-of-the art, interoperable, continuously evolving, living, dynamic, integrated system.

Risk:  The possibility of loss or injury.

Risk Management:  Risk identification and assessment, risk communication, and risk mitigation.

Reliable:  Information that balances appropriate hazard mitigation actions with the additional economic burdens on property owners identified as ?at risk.? Information is based on known standards.

Stakeholder:  Has a vested interest in the system but may not be contributing data.  Current stakeholders include state and local officials, lenders, insurance agents, realtors, homebuilders, environmental groups, engineers, surveyors, planners, flood insurance policy holders, other Federal agencies, Congress, Office of Management and Budget and others. 

User:  Technical and non-technical customers accessing the system to obtain information.

Definitions of additional terms that pertain to the National Flood Insurance Program and Multi-Hazard Flood Map Modernization can be found in 44 CFR 59.1 and in the Glossary for FEMA?s Guidelines and Specifications for Flood Hazard Mapping Partners.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/FEMA/RegIV/HSFE04-08-RFP-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Department of Homeland Security
c/o Federal Emergency Management Agency
Attn: Annette R. Wright
3003 Chamblee-Tucker Road
Atlanta, GA
<POPZIP>30341
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>South Central Regional Contracting Office
<ZIP>75219
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>238220
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons, South Central Regional Contracting Office, 4211 Cedar Springs Road Suite 300, Dallas, TX, 75219, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- Boiler Stack Replacement
<SOLNBR>IFBWAS0449
<RESPDATE>013108
<ARCHDATE>02152008
<CONTACT>Robert Flores, Contract Specialist, Phone (972) 352-4536, Fax (972) 352-4545, Email rflores@bop.gov
<DESC>SYNOPSIS - - - SYNOPSIS - - -  The Federal Bureau of Prisons, Field Acquisition Office in Grand Prairie, Texas, 75051-2412 plans to issue Invitation For Bids (IFB) WAS-0449 to replace the boiler stack at the Federal Correctional Institution Waseca located at 1000 University Drive SW, Waseca, MN, 56093-0741.  The facility is a  federal penal institution set in a rural farm community and is approximately 70 miles Southwest of the Minneapolis/St. Paul Metro area with easy driving distance to Mankato, MN.

The successful contractor shall provide all labor, equipment, materials, and tools to perform the work in accordance with the specifications and drawings provided in the solicitation.  The magnitude of this project is between $100,000 and $250,000.  The solicitation will be available on or about December 27, 2007 with an anticipated bid opening date of January 31, 2008.  The solicitation will be distributed solely through the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) web site http://www.fbo.gov/.  This requirement will be accessible to those companies deemed eligible by the information they provided when they register with the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) web site http://www.ccr.gov/ and the Online Represetations and Certfications Application (ORCA) web site http://www/bpn.gov/.  

Hard copies of the solicitation will NOT be available.  The site provides downloading instructions.  All future information about this solicitation, including solicitation amendments and other general information, will also be distributed solely through this site.

Faith-Based and Community-Based Organizations can submit offers/bids/quotations equally with other organizations for contracts for which they are eligible.  Bids, performance, and payment bonds as well as residency requirements are applicable to this proposed contract action.  All interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure that they have up-to-date information about this acquisition and are encouraged to monitor and register their company on the Interested Vendor List (IVL).

This is a 100% Small Business Set-Aside - See Number Note 1.  The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code is 238220 with a small business size standard of $13.0 million average annual receipts for the preceding three fiscal years.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/50020/IFBWAS0449/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>Federal Correctional Institution Waseca, 
1000 University Drive SW, 
P. O. Box 1731, 
Waseca, MN
<POPZIP>56093-0741
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Institute of Museum and Library Services
<OFFICE>Office of the Director
<LOCATION>Office of Contract Services
<ZIP>20036
<CLASSCOD>B
<NAICS>541990
<OFFADD>Institute of Museum and Library Services, Office of the Director, Office of Contract Services, 1800 M Street, NW; 9th Floor, Washington, DC, 20036, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>B -- IMLS-RFP-07-003 (Trend Analysis-States Grants)
<SOLNBR>IMLS-RFP-07-003
<RESPDATE>110507
<CONTACT>William Johnson, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 202-653-4769, Fax 202-653-4625, Email wjohnson@imls.gov - Wallace Cruz, Contracts Specialist, Phone 202-653-4698, Fax 202-653-4625, Email wcruz@imls.gov
<DESC>This amendment is issued as notification to offerors that the above solicitation (IMLS-RFP-07-003) has been posted.  The price range for this solicitation is $125,000 to $250,000.

Questions concerning this RFP are due by October 15, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/IMLS/IMLS/IMLS/IMLS-RFP-07-003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Contract performance at two locations: IMLS Headquarters at 1800 M Street, NW; Washington, DC and at contractor's place of business.
<POPZIP>20036
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1004
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Institute of Museum and Library Services
<OFFICE>Office of the Director
<LOCATION>Office of Contract Services
<ZIP>20036
<CLASSCOD>B
<NAICS>541990
<OFFADD>Institute of Museum and Library Services, Office of the Director, Office of Contract Services, 1800 M Street, NW; 9th Floor, Washington, DC, 20036, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>B -- IMLS-RFP-07-003 (Trend Analysis-States Grants)
<SOLNBR>IMLS-RFP-07-003
<RESPDATE>110507
<CONTACT>William Johnson, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 202-653-4769, Fax 202-653-4625, Email wjohnson@imls.gov - Wallace Cruz, Contracts Specialist, Phone 202-653-4698, Fax 202-653-4625, Email wcruz@imls.gov
<DESC>Amendment 0001 has been issued and posted to the above solicitation:  IMLS-RFP-07-003 (Trend Analysis for Grants to States).

Amendment 0001 includes answers to questions submitted by the October 15th deadline.  No further questions will be entertained for this solicitation.

Offerors must acknowledge receipt of this amendment (SF-30) in accordance with the instructions given on this document.  Offerors who do not acknowledge receipt will be deemed as "non-responsive" with no further consideration given to the submitted proposal.

All other terms and conditions remain the same and are in full force and effect.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/IMLS/IMLS/IMLS/IMLS-RFP-07-003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Contract performance at two locations: IMLS Headquarters at 1800 M Street, NW; Washington, DC and at contractor's place of business.
<POPZIP>20036
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Kennedy Space Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>32899
<CLASSCOD>U
<NAICS>611710
<OFFADD>NASA/John F. Kennedy Space Center, Procurement, Kennedy Space Center, FL 32899
<SUBJECT>U--DRAFT PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT - NASA EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT SERVICES
<SOLNBR>INSPIRE-07-1107-01
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Lourdes  Brown, Contracting Officer, Phone 000-000-0000, Fax 321-867-1188, Email lourdes.brown-1@ksc.nasa.gov
<DESC>The Government intends to acquire the support services for the INSPIRE project utilizing a Cooperative Agreement and not a contract as the award instrument.  Based on the above, a solicitation will not be issued regarding this acquisition. A Cooperative Agreement Notice (CAN) has been posted on the NSPIRE web site. For further information and instructions go to http://nspires.nasaprs.com/external/ All communication exchanges with offerors will be conducted through the NSPIRE web site. Offerors are responsible for monitoring the NSPIRE web site for the release of any announcements and amendments.  The INSPIRE CAN has been posted at: http://nspires.nasaprs.com/external/solicitations/summary.do?method=init&solId={09DBA413- 21CE-51D5-28EE-14F01A09304F}&path=open  Potential offerors are responsible for downloading their own copy of the CAN and amendments (if any). The point of contact for the INSPIRE project is Mr. Steven Chance, telephone (321) 867-4194, email: steven.h.chance@nasa.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/KSC/OPDC20220/INSPIRE-07-1107-01/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>lourdes.brown-1@ksc.nasa.gov
<DESC>Lourdes  Brown </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Library of Congress
<OFFICE>Contracts Services
<LOCATION>Contracts Section
<ZIP>20540-9411
<CLASSCOD>B
<NAICS>519190
<OFFADD>Library of Congress, Contracts Services, Contracts Section, 101 Independence Ave SE LA-325, Washington, DC, 20540-9411, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>B -- RFI - Cooperative Aquisitions Programs Systems (CAPS)
<SOLNBR>LC08-LSB20080024
<RESPDATE>011408
<ARCHDATE>01292008
<CONTACT>Arneen Dozier, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-707-0406, Fax 202-707-8611, Email adoz@loc.gov
<DESC>The Library of Congress seeks information from potential respondents as to their interest and/or capability to develop a computer system or adapt an existing computer system to support the work of its overseas office under the Cooperative Acquisitions Program (CAP).  The site will be at the Library?s Office in New Delhi, India.  If you are interest in this information or unable to open the attached PDF file, please contact me via email no later than December 14, 2007.  All interest response shall submit request electronically by 2PM eastern time on January 11, 2008 to Arneen Dozier, Contract Specialists at adoz@loc.gov.  NO PHONE CALL. 
MODIFICATION:  The attached text has fave (5) parts: CAPS RFI, CAPS Business Description, CAPS Vision Document, CAPS Use Case Guide and cAPS Glossary.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/LOC/CS/CS1/LC08-LSB20080024/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>The Library of Congress
Overseas Operations
101 Independence Ave., SE
Washington, DC
<POPZIP>20540
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVAIR HQ
<ZIP>20670
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336411
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Air Systems Command, NAVAIR HQ, Building 2272 47123 Buse Road Unit IPT, Patuxent River, MD, 20670, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- Naval Strike and Air Warfare Center (NSAWC)
<SOLNBR>N00019-08-R-0014
<RESPDATE>063008
<ARCHDATE>06302008
<CONTACT>Quinn Lanzendorfer, Contract Specialist, Phone (301) 757-5937, Fax (301) 757-5972, Email quinn.lanzendorfer@navy.mil - Leann Warner, Contract Specialist, Phone 301-757-5920, Fax 301-757-5955, Email leann.warner@navy.mil
<DESC>The purpose of this modification is to alert interested offerors that that an additional file, entitled F-16 MONTHLY CHARTS 08 NOV, has been uploaded to the NAVAIR web site.  To view this document, please follow the hyperlink in the Solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVAIR/NAVAIRHQ/N00019-08-R-0014/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>NAS Fallon, NV
<POPZIP>89406
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVAIR HQ
<ZIP>20670
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336411
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Air Systems Command, NAVAIR HQ, Building 2272 47123 Buse Road Unit IPT, Patuxent River, MD, 20670, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- F-5 Aircraft Maintenance
<SOLNBR>N00019-08-R-0015
<RESPDATE>063008
<ARCHDATE>06302008
<CONTACT>Quinn Lanzendorfer, Contract Specialist, Phone (301) 757-5937, Fax (301) 757-5972, Email quinn.lanzendorfer@navy.mil - Leann Warner, Contract Specialist, Phone 301-757-5920, Fax 301-757-5955, Email leann.warner@navy.mil
<DESC>The purpose of this modification is to alert interested offerors that that an additional file, entitled F-5 FY 2007 STATS, has been uploaded to the NAVAIR web site.  To view this document, please follow the hyperlink in the Solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVAIR/NAVAIRHQ/N00019-08-R-0015/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>NAS Patuxent River, MD
<POPZIP>20670
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NSWC Dahlgren Division
<ZIP>22448-5100
<CLASSCOD>66
<OFFADD>N00178  17320 Dahlgren Road    Dahlgren, VA
<SUBJECT>66--Instruments & Laboratory Equipment
<SOLNBR>N0017808Q3006
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>03012008
<CONTACT>XDS13-1   540-653-7709 or 540-653-7765
<DESC>The purpose of amendment 0001 is to extend the closing date of synopsis N00178-08-Q-3006 from 4 December 2007, 2pm to 7 December 2007 4pm Eastern Time and add the following door measurements for the door of the Re-locatable Reverberation Chamber. The door should measure 42 inches wide by 90 inches high.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/N00178/N0017808Q3006/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC San Diego
<ZIP>92132-0212
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>N00244  Naval Base  937 North Harbor Drive  San Diego, CA
<SUBJECT>J--036 Maintenance
<SOLNBR>N0024408T0082
<RESPDATE>120407
<CONTACT>P. Brown 619-532-2365
<DESC>This solcitation is cancelled in its entirety.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/200/N0024408T0082/listing.html
<DESC>NECO Website Link
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>penny.brown@navy.mil
<DESC>Email address for the Contract Specialist
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC Pearl Harbor
<ZIP>96860-4549
<CLASSCOD>Z
<OFFADD>N00604  1942 Gaffney Street, Ste 100  Bldg. 475-2, Code 200  Pearl Harbor, HI
<SUBJECT>Z--Range and Base Operations Support (ROS/BOS) Services for the Pacific Missile Range Facility (PMRF), Barking Sands, Kauai, Hawaii
<SOLNBR>N0060408R0001
<CONTACT>Stephen Durrett, (808) 473-7566
<DESC>Amendment 0004 is issued to answer industry questions, attach pre-proposal conference & site visit list of attendees, pre-proposal conference slides, and scripts for site visits to Makaha Ridge, Kokee, Port Allen, and PMRF.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00604/N0060408R0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technology Division
<ZIP>20640-5070
<CLASSCOD>13
<OFFADD>N42794  2008 Stumpneck Rd    Indian Head, MD
<SUBJECT>13--SOURCES SOUGHT FOR COMMERCIAL-OFF-THE-SHELF (COTS) EXPLOSIVE DETECTION EQUIPMENT (EDE) TECHNOLOGIES TO DETECT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICES (IEDs) IN VEHICLES AND CARGO
<SOLNBR>N4279408003
<RESPDATE>013108
<ARCHDATE>02052008
<CONTACT>Jim Knesel, phone 301-744-6886
<DESC>This Sources Sought notice is modified to include the attachement.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/N0464A/N4279408003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>james.e.knesel@navy.mil
<DESC>Jim Knesel
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Facilities Engineering Command
<LOCATION>NAVFAC Atlantic,
<ZIP>23508-1278
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541611
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Facilities Engineering Command, NAVFAC Atlantic,, Department of the Navy, Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Atlantic, Code AQ 6506 Hampton Blvd. Bldg A, Norfolk, VA, 23508-1278, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity Labor Hour Contract to provide Technical Advisory Services Concerning Navy and Marine Corps Public Private Venture Programs Requirements
<SOLNBR>N6247007R8201
<ARCHDATE>12172007
<CONTACT>Jennifer McGuire, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-322-4523, Fax 757-322-4166, Email Jennifer.L.McGuire@navy.mil
<DESC>This synopsis is hereby cancelled.  The technical specification is being re-written and a new synopsis is anticipated to be posted mid December 2007 with the solicitation issued mid January 2008.
The Government intends to solicit a Labor Hour Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity, for a base with four options, to provide technical advisory services concerning Navy and Marine Corps public private venture program requirements, project development and execution issues, project oversight and monitoring activities, program metrics, and other DoD/DON special ventures.  The work under this contract will be performed predominately in NAVFAC's area of concern, including but not limited to the Continental United States (CONUS), Hawaii, Guam and other overseas locations; this contract may be used world-wide.

This aforementioned Labor Hour Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity requirement, for a base with four options will be procured using a best value source selection.  The solicitation is unrestricted; the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is 541611 with a size standard of $6,500,000.00.  

This best value procurement will require both technical and cost proposals.  Award of the contract shall be made to the responsible offeror whose proposal, conforming to the solicitation, represents the best value to the Government, cost and technical factors considered.  The specific evaluation factors will be included in the Request for Proposal.  The Government may award the contract without conducting discussions; therefore, the offerors initial proposals shall contain its best terms from a cost and technical standpoint.  The Government reserves the right to enter into discussions if deemed necessary to obtain the best value for the Government.  

The solicitation will be issued on approximately 20 August 2007.  The receipt date of proposals will be on approximately 19 September 2007.  The solicitation is available in electronic format only.  The official access to the solicitation is via the Internet at http://www.esol.navfac.navy.mil.  Contractors are encouraged to register for the solicitation when downloading from the NAVFAC E-Solicitation website.  Only registered contractors will be notified by email when amendments to the solicitation are issued.  All documents will be in the Adobe Acrobat PDF file format via the Internet.  The free Acrobat Reader, required to view the PDF files, can be downloaded from the Adobe website.  In accordance with the provisions of DFARS 252.204-7004, REQUIRED CENTRAL CONTRACTOR REGISTRATION, offerors must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database.  Lack of registration in the CCR database on the part of the offeror will make an offeror ineligible for award.  Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 1-888-227-2423 or via the Internet at http://www.ccr.gov.  Technical inquiries shall be emailed to Jennifer.L.McGuire@navy.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVFAC/N62470CON/N6247007R8201/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPZIP>23508
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command
<LOCATION>SPAWAR Systems Center Charleston
<ZIP>29419-9022
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>P.O. Box 190022, North Charleston SC 29419-9022
<SUBJECT>J -- TAGGING, TRACKING AND LOCATING (TTL) EQUIPMENT FOR VARIOUS JOINT WARFIGHTER CUSTOMERS
<SOLNBR>N65236-07-R-0004
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Point of Contact - Penny Leya, Contract Specialist,  843-218-5927; Penny Leya, Contracting Officer, 843-218-5927
<DESC>INDUSTRY DAY, 17 DECEMBER 2007 0900 - 1600 REQUIRED SECURITY CLEARANCE TO ATTEND:  SECRET Security Clearances are to be sent to Penny Leya, e-mail: penny.leya@navy.mil Security Clearances are to be received by  2:00 pm EST on 10 December 2007. A DRAFT Statement Of Work is attached for review prior to the Industry Day.  If you would like questions to be answered in the open forum, those questions are to be submitted prior to 2:00 pm EST on 12 Dec 2007 and submitted to Penny Leya (penny.leya@navy.mil).  Late submittals will not be addressed. There will be 30 minute break-out sessions with those who request a session.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/SPAWAR/SPAWARSYSCEN_Charleston/N65236-07-R-0004/listing.html
<DESC>Click on this link to access the SPAWAR Solicitation Page
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>penny.leya@navy.mil
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Glenn Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>44135
<CLASSCOD>11
<NAICS>562910
<OFFADD>NASA/Glenn Research Center, 21000 Brookpark Road, Cleveland, OH 44135
<SUBJECT>11--PBRF DECONTAMINATION AND DECOMMISSIONING OF THE PLUM BROOK REACTOR
<SOLNBR>NNC07ZQD015J
<RESPDATE>013008
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Melissa A Merrill, Contract Specialist, Phone 216-433-6359, Fax 216-433-5489, Email Melissa.A.Merrill@nasa.gov
<DESC>This is a modification to the synopsis entitled Draft PBRF Decontamination and Decommissioning of the Plum Brook Reactor which was posted on September 10, 2007. You are notified that the following changes are made: The FINAL RFP for the PBRF Decontamination and Decommissioning of the Plum Brook Reactor is released.  The due date for responses is extended. Documents related to this procurement will be available over the Internet.  These documents will reside on a World Wide Web (WWW) server, which may be accessed using a WWW browser application.  The Internet site, or URL, for the NASA/GRC Business Opportunities home page is http://prod.nais.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/eps/bizops.cgi?gr=D&pin=22  Offerors are responsible for monitoring this site for the release of the solicitation and any amendments.   Potential offerors are responsible for downloading their own copy of the solicitation and amendments (if any).
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/GRC/OPDC20220/NNC07ZQD015J/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Melissa.A.Merrill@nasa.gov
<DESC>Melissa A Merrill </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Johnson Space Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>77058-3696
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>NASA/Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, Houston Texas, 77058-3696, Mail Code: BT
<SUBJECT>R--CONSTELLATION TECHNICAL SUPPORT CONTRACT
<SOLNBR>NNJ07175222R
<RESPDATE>012908
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Jessica E. Corley, Contract Specialist, Phone 281-244-0132, Fax 281-483-0503, Email jessica.e.corley@nasa.gov - Keith D. Hutto, Contracting Officer, Phone 281-483-4165, Fax 281-483-0503, Email keith.d.hutto@nasa.gov
<DESC>This is modification 6 to the synopsis entitled Constellation Technical Support Contract (CTSC) posted on June 28, 2007.  The purpose of this this modification is to release the final Request for Proposal.  Pursant to this release, you are hereby notified that the following changes:  Information related to the CTSC RFP and items below can be viewed at the CTSC acquisition website:  http://procurement.jsc.nasa.gov/CTSC/default.asp    1) The final Request for Proposal and cover letter to All Prospective Offerors have been posted to the NASA Acquisition Internet Service (NAIS) website. In addition, a link to this information is provided from the CTSC website: http://procurement.jsc.nasa.gov/CTSC/default.asp    Comments in response to the final RFP are requested no later than January 8, 2008. Please see the final RFP cover letter for instructions on how to submit responses.  Documents related to this procurement will be available over the Internet. These documents will reside on a World Wide Web (WWW) server, which may be accessed using a WWW browser application. The Internet site, or URL, for the NASA/JSC Business Opportunities home page is http://prod.nais.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/eps/bizops.cgi?gr=D&pin=73     Offerors are responsible for monitoring this site for the release of the solicitation and any amendments. Potential offerors are responsible for downloading their own copy of the solicitation and amendments (if any).
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/JSC/OPDC20220/NNJ07175222R/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>jessica.e.corley@nasa.gov
<DESC>Jessica E. Corley </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Kennedy Space Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>32899
<CLASSCOD>91
<NAICS>325120
<OFFADD>NASA/John F. Kennedy Space Center, Procurement, Kennedy Space Center, FL 32899
<SUBJECT>91--AGENCY-WIDE HELIUM REQUIREMENTS
<SOLNBR>NNK08225415R
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Lourdes  Brown, Contracting Officer, Phone 000-000-0000, Fax 321-867-1188, Email lourdes.brown-1@ksc.nasa.gov - Marco  Pochy, Contracting Officer, Phone 321-867-8567, Fax 321-867-1188, Email marco.l.pochy@nasa.gov
<DESC>This is a modification to the synopsis entitled Agency-wide Helium Requirements, solicitation NNK08225415R, which was posted on November 14, 2007. You are notified that the following changes are made:  1. Offerors are allowed to submit their proposals electronically at lourdes.brown-1@nasa.gov 2. Contract clause FAR 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract, has been included in full text. 3. Contract provision FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options, has been included by reference. The due date for responses is not extended. Offerors shall acknowledge all amendments to the original solicitation in their proposals. Documents related to this procurement will be available over the Internet.  These documents will reside on a World Wide Web (WWW) server, which may be accessed using a WWW browser application.  The Internet site, or URL, for the NASA/KSC Business Opportunities home page is http://prod.nais.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/eps/bizops.cgi?gr=D&pin=76  Offerors are responsible for monitoring this site for the release of the solicitation and any amendments.   Potential offerors are responsible for downloading their own copy of the solicitation and amendments (if any).
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/KSC/OPDC20220/NNK08225415R/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>lourdes.brown-1@ksc.nasa.gov
<DESC>Lourdes  Brown </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<ZIP>20460
<CLASSCOD>F
<NAICS>624230
<OFFADD>Bid and Proposal Room, Ariel Rios Building (3802R) 1200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. Washington, DC 20460
<SUBJECT>F--National Logistics Support Services Requirement - Region 4 & Region 6
<SOLNBR>PR-HQ-07-11172
<RESPDATE>010808
<ARCHDATE>02072008
<CONTACT>ELAINE M. SCOTT, Contract Specialist, Phone: 202-564-4478, E-Mail: scott.elaine@epa.gov; CLAUDIA M. ARMSTRONG, Placement Contracting Officer, E-Mail: armstrong.claudia@epa.gov
<DESC>The purpose of this notice is to announce the issuance of the solicitation for the Region 4 and Region 6 National Logistics Support Services Requirement. A copy of the solicitation and all other information related to this requirement will be post at the following website no later than December 6, 2007 under the Solicitations and Amendments heading: http://www.epa.gov/oam/srpod/index.htm#solam All technical or cost questions pertaining to this requirement shall be submitted by 3:00pm EST on December 17, 2007, to receive a response. Please submit any questions via e-mail ONLY to the following e-mail addresses: armstrong.claudia@epa.gov and scott.elaine@epa.gov. Phone calls are NOT being accepted at this time. All written submissions (technical proposal, cost proposal, plans, etc.) are due for PR-HQ-07-11172 on or before Tuesday, January 8, 2008 at 3:00 PM EST. Please continuously monitor fedbizopps.gov and the above referenced EPA website for any amendments or updates related to this solicitation. Thank you.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/EPA/OAM/HQ/PR-HQ-07-11172/listing.html
<DESC>The Environmental Protection Agency
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>scott.elaine@epa.gov
<DESC>ELAINE M. SCOTT
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Agency for International Development
<OFFICE>Overseas Missions
<LOCATION>Benin USAID-Cotonou
<ZIP>20521-2120
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541990
<OFFADD>Agency for International Development, Overseas Missions, Benin USAID-Cotonou, Dept. of State 2012 Cotonou Place, Washington, DC, 20521-2120, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Solicitation for a Personal Services Contractor (PSC) - Deputy Family Health Team Leader, USAID/Benin
<SOLNBR>PSC-680-07-006
<CONTACT>Cosmas Apedo, Acquisition & Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-30-05-00 x2112, Fax 229-30-12-60, Email capedo@usaid.gov - Aissatou Kane, Senior Acquisition and Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-21-35-05-00, Fax 229-21-30-12-60, Email akane@usaid.gov
<DESC>The purpose of this modification is to cancel the solicitation number PSC-680-07-006 for the Deputy Family Health Leader in its entirety.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/AID/OM/BEN/PSC-680-07-006/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>USAID/Benin
Rue Caporal Anani Bernard
01 B.P. 2012
Tel: (229) 21-30-05-00
Cotonou, Benin
<POPCOUNTRY>BENIN
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Agency for International Development
<OFFICE>Overseas Missions
<LOCATION>Benin USAID-Cotonou
<ZIP>20521-2120
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>926110
<OFFADD>Agency for International Development, Overseas Missions, Benin USAID-Cotonou, Dept. of State 2012 Cotonou Place, Washington, DC, 20521-2120, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Solicitation for personal services contract
<SOLNBR>PSC-680-08-003
<RESPDATE>123007
<ARCHDATE>01142008
<CONTACT>Cosmas Apedo, Acquisition & Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-30-05-00 x2112, Fax 229-30-12-60, Email capedo@usaid.gov - Aissatou Kane, Senior Acquisition and Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-21-35-05-00, Fax 229-21-30-12-60, Email akane@usaid.gov
<DESC>The purpose of this modification is to correct the email address to whom questions and submission of applications be directed to read capedo@usaid.gov in lieu thereof.  Repeat: Any questions as well as submission of applications in responses to this solicitation must be directed to: Cosmas Apedo, Acquisition and Assistance  Specialist; USAID/Benin; Office of procurement; Rue Caporal Anani Bernard; American Embassy; 01 BP 2012; Phone (229) 21-300-500; ext 2112; Cotonou, Republic of Benin; Email address: capedo@usaid.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/AID/OM/BEN/PSC-680-08-003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Benin
<POPCOUNTRY>BENIN
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Agency for International Development
<OFFICE>Overseas Missions
<LOCATION>Benin USAID-Cotonou
<ZIP>20521-2120
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>926110
<OFFADD>Agency for International Development, Overseas Missions, Benin USAID-Cotonou, Dept. of State 2012 Cotonou Place, Washington, DC, 20521-2120, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Solicitation for personal services contract
<SOLNBR>PSC-680-08-003
<RESPDATE>123007
<ARCHDATE>01142008
<CONTACT>Cosmas Apedo, Acquisition & Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-30-05-00 x2112, Fax 229-30-12-60, Email capedo@usaid.gov - Aissatou Kane, Senior Acquisition and Assistance Specialist, Phone 229-21-35-05-00, Fax 229-21-30-12-60, Email akane@usaid.gov
<DESC>The purpose of this modification is to correct the email address to whom questions and submission of application should be directed to read capedo@usaid.gov in lieu thereof.

Repeat:

Any questions as well as submission of applications in responses to this solicitation must be directed to:

Cosmas Apedo, Acquisition and Assistance Specialist
USAID/Benin
Office of Procurement
Rue Caporal Anani Bernard
American Embassy
01 BP 2012
Phone (229) 21-300-500, ext 2112
Cotonou, Republic of Benin
Email address: capedo@usaid.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/AID/OM/BEN/PSC-680-08-003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Benin
<POPCOUNTRY>BENIN
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-1 Nez Perce National Forest
<ZIP>83530
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237990
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-1 Nez Perce National Forest, Route 2, Box 475, Grangeville, ID, 83530, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- Newsome/Boundary/Divide Trail Reconstruction
<SOLNBR>RFQ-R1-17-8-002
<CONTACT>Sandra Aiken, Purchasing Agent, Phone 208-983-4002, Fax 208-983-4098, Email saiken@fs.fed.us
<DESC>This project will restore 12 miles of existing motorized ATV trails by installation of drainage structures, tread restoration, clearing, brushing and signage.  The trails to be restored are: Beaver Creek Trail 847, Boundary Ridge Trail 835 and Divide Trail 505.  All the trails are located on the Red River Ranger District in the vicinity of Elk City, Idaho in Idaho County.  The price range for this construction project is estimated to be between $25,000 - $100,000.  Multiple contract awards may be made from this solicitation.

This acquisition has been set-aside for HUBZone small business concerns.  Respondents must be certified HUBZone concerns with the U.S. Small Business Administration to be considered.  For information regarding the on-line application process, go to the following website at https://eweb1.sba.gov/hubzone/internet/.  The registration process may take between 30-45 days to complete.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/0295/RFQ-R1-17-8-002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
<POPADDRESS>104 Airport Road
Grangeville, ID
<POPZIP>83530
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-1 Nez Perce National Forest
<ZIP>83530
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237990
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-1 Nez Perce National Forest, Route 2, Box 475, Grangeville, ID, 83530, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- Newsome/Boundary/Divide Trail Reconstruction
<SOLNBR>RFQ-R1-17-8-002
<CONTACT>Sandra Aiken, Purchasing Agent, Phone 208-983-4002, Fax 208-983-4098, Email saiken@fs.fed.us
<DESC>This project will restore 12 miles of existing motorized ATV trails by installation of drainage structures, tread restoration, clearing, brushing and signage.  The trails to be restored are: Beaver Creek Trail 847, Boundary Ridge Trail 835 and Divide Trail 505.  All the trails are located on the Red River Ranger District in the vicinity of Elk City, Idaho in Idaho County.  The price range for this construction project is estimated to be between $25,000 - $100,000.  Multiple contract awards may be made from this solicitation.  Solicitation will be out in April/May of 2008.

This acquisition has been set-aside for HUBZone small business concerns.  Respondents must be certified HUBZone concerns with the U.S. Small Business Administration to be considered.  For information regarding the on-line application process, go to the following website at https://eweb1.sba.gov/hubzone/internet/.  The registration process may take between 30-45 days to complete.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/0295/RFQ-R1-17-8-002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
<POPADDRESS>104 Airport Road
Grangeville, ID
<POPZIP>83530
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-1 Nez Perce National Forest
<ZIP>83530
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237990
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-1 Nez Perce National Forest, Route 2, Box 475, Grangeville, ID, 83530, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- Sheephill Trail 575 Reconstruction
<SOLNBR>RFQ-R1-17-8-003
<CONTACT>Sandra Aiken, Purchasing Agent, Phone 208-983-4002, Fax 208-983-4098, Email saiken@fs.fed.us
<DESC>This project entails installation of drainage structures, tread restoration, clearing, limbing, and brushing, obliteration of multiple treads and sign installation.  The trail in located on the Red River Ranger District in the vicinity of Elk City, ID in Idaho County.  The project area is also within the Frank Church River of No Return Wilderness.  The estimated price range for this construction project is $25,000 - $100,000.

This acquisition has been set-aside for HUBZone small business concerns.  Respondents must be certified HUBZone concerns with the U.S. Small Business Administration to be considered.  For information regarding the on-line application process, go to the following website at https://eweb1.sba.gov/hubzone/internet/.  The registration process may take between 30-45 days to complete.
Solicitation will be out in April/May of 2008.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/0295/RFQ-R1-17-8-003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
<POPADDRESS>104 Airport Road
Grangeville, ID
<POPZIP>83530
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-1 Nez Perce National Forest
<ZIP>83530
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237990
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-1 Nez Perce National Forest, Route 2, Box 475, Grangeville, ID, 83530, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- Rapid River Trail 113 Reconstruction
<SOLNBR>RFQ-R1-17-8-004
<CONTACT>Sandra Aiken, Purchasing Agent, Phone 208-983-4002, Fax 208-983-4098, Email saiken@fs.fed.us
<DESC>This project will restore the lower 3 miles of Rapid River trail 113 through the installation of drainage structures, repair of failed or failing crib walls, brushing and tread restoration work.  The trail is located on the Salmon River Ranger District in the vicinity of White Bird, ID in Idaho County.  The estimated price range for the project is $25,000 - 100,000.  Solicitation will be out in April/May of 2008.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/0295/RFQ-R1-17-8-004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>104 Airport Road
Grangeville, ID
<POPZIP>83530
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>FCI Bastrop
<ZIP>78602-0730
<CLASSCOD>89
<NAICS>311999
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons, FCI Bastrop, PO Box 730 State Highway 95, Bastrop, TX, 78602-0730, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>89 -- FOOD BID
<SOLNBR>RFQ5010200037-8
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Paul Sexton, Inventory Management Specialist, Phone (512) 304-0233, Fax (512)304-0101, Email psexton@bop.gov
<DESC>FIRST QT FOOD BID FY 2008
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/50102/RFQ5010200037-8/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>FCI BASTROP
1341 HIGHWAY 95 NORTH
BASTROP TX 78602
<POPZIP>78602
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC NORFOLK CONTRACTING OFFICE PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5083
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>812332
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Supply Systems Command, FISC NORFOLK CONTRACTING OFFICE PHILADELPHIA, 700 Robbins Avenue, Building 2B, Philadelphia, PA, 19111-5083, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>S -- Laundry Services
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-2008-0332
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Virginia Swizewski, Contract Negotiator, Phone 215-697-9692, Fax 215-697-9742, Email virginia.swizewski@navy.mil
<DESC>An error was generated as to the Period of Performance under the original announcement.   The Period of Performance is from 01 April 2008 through 30 September 2012, if all options are exercised for Laundry Services for the National Naval Medical Center, NNMC, Bethesda, MD.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/FISCDETPHILA/Reference-Number-2008-0332/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Office of Procurement and Property Management
<LOCATION>Procurement Operations Division
<ZIP>20024
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>561599
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Office of Procurement and Property Management, Procurement Operations Division, 300 7th Street, S.W., Room 377, Reporters Building, Washington, DC, 20024, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>V -- A-76 Standar Competition-USDA, CFO Travel Processing & Payments Support
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-43-3142-07-04002
<ARCHDATE>12082007
<CONTACT>Vivian McPherson, Contracting Specialist, Phone 202-720-2649, Fax 202-720-9226, Email Vivian.McPherson@usda.gov
<DESC>The purpose of this amendment is to cancel this notice.  The public announcement issued December 18, 2006 is hereby cancelled due to down scoping of the project.   However, only the solicitation for the travel processing services required under the December 18, 2006 notification date are cancelled, as the A-76 process is still on going and the remaining requirements will be advertised under a new notice at a future date.  In initial announcement, correct spelling of Standar to read Standard.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/OPPM/POD/Reference-Number-43-3142-07-04002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Smithsonian Institution
<OFFICE>Office of the Chief Financial Officer
<LOCATION>Office of Contracting
<ZIP>22202
<CLASSCOD>C
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>Smithsonian Institution, Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Office of Contracting, 2011 Crystal Drive, Suite 350, Arlington, VA, 22202, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>C -- Request for Construction Management Services Vendor Information
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-CMRef111307
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Justice Harvey, Contract Specialist, Phone 202/633-7408, Fax 202/633-7305, Email harveyj@si.edu - Emanuel Brown, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 202/633-7256, Fax 202/633-7305, Email BrownEm@si.edu
<DESC>Correction: This original action published in the Federal Business Opportunity o/a November 13, 2007, is hereby amended as follows:  This procurement is unrestricted. This contract is procured in accordance with the Brooks Architect-Engineer (AE) Act as implemented by FAR Subpart 36.6. The Smithsonian Institution is seeking proposals to furnish all supervision, labor materials and equipment needed to provide professional construction management for the Smithsonian Institution?s various facilities and projects.  All responsible business concerns are encouraged to submit a proposal for consideration by the Smithsonian Institution.  

The North American Industry Classification Code (NAICS) for this procurement is 236210 and the size standard under this code is $31,000,000.00 average annual receipts over the last three years. This announcement is open to all businesses regardless of size. It is anticipated that multiple awards will result from this synopsis. 

SUBCONTRACTING PLAN REQUIREMENTS: If the selected firm is a large business, a subcontracting plan consistent with PL 95-507, PL 99-661 and PL 100-656 will be required with the final fee proposal. A minimum of 23% of the total planned subcontracting dollars shall be placed with small business concerns. At least 8%  of total planned subcontracting dollars shall be placed with Small disadvantaged businesses (SDB), including Historically Black Colleges and Universities or Minority Institutions; 5% with Women-owned small businesses (WOSB); 3% shall be placed with Hub-zone Small Businesses (HubSB), 3% with Veteran-owned small businesses (VOSB); and 3% with Service Disabled Veteran-owned small businesses (SDV). The subcontracting plan is not required with this submittal. Any prime or joint venture found to be officially notified of non-compliance on past contracts and the non-compliance is outstanding will not be considered for this project. Failure to adequately explain reasons for not meeting previous contract goals may result in a lower overall rating and ultimate non-selection.  An approved small business-subcontracting plan will be required prior to award.      
The Smithsonian Institution intends to award contracts with professional construction management firms to manage miscellaneous construction projects primarily in the Washington DC metropolitan area.  The selected professional construction management firms may also be asked to manage construction projects for the Smithsonian Institution in the New York City metropolitan area and throughout the United States.  It is anticipated that three separate Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity Contract (IDIQ) Contracts will be awarded.  The IDIQ contracts will be awarded for a base year with four one-year options.  The selected firms will assist the Smithsonian Institution in performing pre-construction and construction phase services for selected projects.  


SELECTION CRITERIA: 

A. The firm must demonstrate specialized and technical competence in:
 
(1) Preparation and development of the technical information for design build request for proposals; 
(2) Experience with large task order contracts and handling multiple, large task orders simultaneously; 
(3) Application of construction cost control through appropriate design and construction techniques on complex projects during fluctuating markets to insure projects remain within budget;
(4) Past performance on contracts with government agencies and private industry in terms of quality of work and compliance with performance schedules;  
(5) Experience with storm water management and erosion and sedimentation control in various jurisdictions; 
(6) Topographic surveys, soil surveys, and subsurface exploration including associated testing; 
(7) Analysis and implementation of anti-terrorism and force protection requirements; 
(8) Analysis and implementation of Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) criteria; 
(9) Geographic location. 

B. The firm must have registered and licensed personnel, either in-house or through consultants, in the following key disciplines: Project manager, architect, civil engineer, electrical engineer, communications and related systems engineer, structural engineer, mechanical engineer, fire protection engineer, geotechnical engineer, building commissioning expert, land surveyor, planner, interior designer, cost estimator, landscape architect, GIS, energy, scheduler, and industrial hygienist, only in so far as each relates to Construction Management service requirements. The evaluation of these disciplines will consider education, training, overall and relevant experience and longevity with the firm. To this end, all respondent CM firms are strongly encouraged to provide staff certified as "construction managers" by the Construction Manager Certification Institute sponsored by the CMAA.  The availability of an adequate number of personnel in the key disciplines shall be presented to insure that the firm can meet the potential of working on multiple task orders for multiple customers. 

C. Work and Design Quality Management Plan: A proposed management plan shall be presented which shall include an organization chart and briefly address management approach, team organization, professional registration, quality control procedures, cost control, coordination of in-house disciplines and consultants, and prior experience of the prime firm and any of their significant consultants on similar projects. The SF 330 shall clearly indicate the primary office where the work will be performed and the staffing at this office. 

SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: Interested firms having the capabilities to perform this work must submit Parts I and II of the SF 330 for the prime and joint venture(s). Part II of the SF 330 must be submitted for each consultant to the address below, no later than the close of business (5:00pm, EST) on Friday, December 21, 2007. On SF 330, Part I, Block 5, include DUNS number for the prime firm. On the SF 330, Part I, Block F, provide the title and contract award dates for all projects listed in that section. 

Submit responses to:

Smithsonian Institution,
Office of Contracting (OCON) 
2011 Crystal Drive, Suite 350, 
ATTN: Justice K. Harvey 
Arlington, VA 22202-3709.  

As previously noted, these forms shall be submitted to the above address not later than 5:00 PM, EST, on Friday, December 21, 2007. Four copies of the SF 330 submission are required. The SF 330 shall have a page limit of 125 pages. A page is one side of a sheet. Font size shall not be less than 10 font and margins shall not be less than one inch. Effective immediately, the use of DUNS+4 numbers to identify vendors is limited to identifying different CCR records for the same vendor at the same physical location. For example, a vendor could have two records for themselves at the same physical location to identify two separate bank accounts. If you do not have a DUNS number, or want to register subsidiaries and other entities, call Dun and Bradstreet at 1-866-705-5711. Solicitation packages are not provided. NOTE: In order to maintain total objectivity in the A/E selection process, telephone calls and e-mails to discuss this announcement are discouraged unless absolutely necessary. Personal visits for the purpose of discussing this announcement will not be scheduled. This is not a request for proposal.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/SI/CFO/WashingtonDC/Reference-Number-CMRef111307/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Smithsonian Institution 
OFEO/OED&C South Mall Construction 
Capital Gallery East Building 
600 Maryland Ave SW 
Suite 5036 
MRC 511 
Washington, DC
<POPZIP>20013-7017
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>Office of the Chief Procurement Officer
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement Operations
<ZIP>20528
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541712
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, Office of the Chief Procurement Officer, Office of Procurement Operations, Office of the Chief Procurement Officer, Washington, DC, 20528, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  DIRECTORATE SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR) PROGRAM
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-DHSSBIRFY081
<RESPDATE>020408
<ARCHDATE>02192008
<CONTACT>Wanda Armwood, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-254-6678, Fax 202-254-5391, Email wanda.armwood@dhs.gov
<DESC>The purpose of this modification is to correct the email address for Robert P. Burns as follows: 

SBIR Topic: H-SB08.1-001 - Assess Ability to use Eye Tracking and Pupil Dilation to Determine Intent to Deceive. Technical Point of Contact: Robert P. Burns, 202-254-6104, robert.p.burns1@dhs.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/OCPO/DHS-OCPO/Reference-Number-DHSSBIRFY081/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>AF ISR Agency
<ZIP>78243-7091
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>334290
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Combat Command, AF ISR Agency, AF ISR Agency/A7K 102 Hall Blvd, Ste 258, San Antonio, TX, 78243-7091, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Cloudshield CS-2X000 Support/Integration
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-F2MU007204A001
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Bill Kaufman, Contracting Officer, Phone 210-977-6173, Fax 210-977-6414, Email william.kaufman@lackland.af.mil
<DESC>The previous notice is changed to indicate that: 

Sources must have proprietary rights to the Cloudshield  CS-2X00 series hardware, firmware, and software to fulfill task requirements outlined below.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/HQAIA/Reference-Number-F2MU007204A001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Contractor's Facility and at AFIOC/IOTP, 404 Greig St, Bldg 179, San Antonio  TX
<POPZIP>78243
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFFTC - AF Flight Test Center
<ZIP>93524-1185
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFFTC - AF Flight Test Center, 5 S WOLFE AVE, Edwards AFB, CA, 93524-1185, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>58 -- L & S Band Multi-Mode Digital Transmitters
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-FA9302-07-R-0005
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>12262008
<CONTACT>Judy Pace, Contractor Specialist, Phone 661-277-9559, Fax 661-277-0470, Email judy.pace@edwards.af.mil
<DESC>********Solicitation Number: Reference-Number-FA9302-07-R-0005 posted for the L & S Band Multi-Mode Digital Transmitters on 11/30/2007 has been corrected to FA9302-08-R-0005. This Sources-Sought Synopsis will be posted under the corrected Solicitation Number.*********


This is a Sources-Sought Synopsis.  The Air Force Flight Test Center (AFFTC), 412 Test Wing, Edwards AFB, CA is seeking sources with demonstrated expertise and experience to meet the following requirement for a contract for L and S band multi-mode digital transmitters to support telemetry systems for the following programs at Edwards AFB and other military installations:  Joint Strike Fighter (JSF), B-1 Bombers and F-22. The telemetry transmitters supplied must be in exact form, fit, and function in accordance with the following specifications, including software that controls the transmitters. The telemetry systems must also be flight and environmentally certified.

Electrical connections:  for existing connections:  
Clock and Data ? DJT02H-8-35PN (MS27476) (Detoronics)
Mode Control ? MWDM1L-9S-6C4 -.500P (Glenair)
Frequency Control ? MWDM1L-15S-6C4 -.500P (Glenair)
DC Power In ? PT02H-8-4P (CDI*)*Component Distributors, Inc.
RF Power Output ? 9012-2CC (CDI)
Description:   Connector Type     Mating Connector
Clock and Data ? DJT02H-8-35PN (MS27476)  MS27484 (Detoronics)
Mode Control  MWDM1L-9S-6C4 -.500P    MWDM1L-9P-6E7-18K (Glenair)
Frequency Control   MWDM1L-15S-6C4-.500P    MWDM1L-15P-6E7-18K (Glenair)
DC Power In  PT02H-8-4P   PT06A-8-4S or MS3116F8-4S  9012-2CC    
		9009-2SF(TNC) (CDI*)*Component Distributors, Inc.
Dimensions:  3.50?L X 2.50?W X1.30?H

1.	Both models shall transmit all three Advanced Range Telemetry waveforms: ARTM Tier II (Multi-h CPM), Tier I (SOQPSK), & Tier 0 (PCM/FM). Tier I shall be able to be utilized at data rates up to 27.8 Mbps. Spectral masks must meet or exceed IRIG 106 telemetry standards.

2.	Both models shall include units formatted with Forward Error Correction/Turbo Product Code (FEC/TPC) feature to extend link margin.  FEC/TPC must be fully compatible with that used on Hypermod demodulators.

3.	Mechanical and electrical interfaces must be identical to the currently installed Hypermod L and S band transmitters in various aircraft at Edwards AFB and other installations as stated above.

4.	Lower L-band models must be software switchable between two power output levels of 10 watts and 20 watts RF output minimum in all modes.

5.	Models must be available with the ability to transmit 5, 10 or 20 watts in L and S band transmitters minimum RF output in all modes and all specified operating conditions.

The contract shall include maintenance/repair, software upgrade that controls each applicable L and S band transmitters and on-site technical support.  The contractor must have the ability to provide on-site technical support to these multi-service programs in all specified locations in and outside of CONUS.

Firms having an interest, capability, and appropriate background are invited to submit particulars of qualification and experience.  Responses shall include sufficient information to demonstrate the experience and capability to perform all areas of the required support as part of a qualification package.  Drawings, diagrams, or figures may be provided as an attachment to the response to clarify stated capabilities.  The statement of capability shall include relevant background and experience, with contract numbers, names and telephone numbers of contracting office and technical office point of contacts (POCs) for each contract.

Please note that this synopsis is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation for competitive bids/proposals and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government.  

Firms responding to this notice must reference solicitation #: FA9302-08-R-0005 and indicate whether or not that they are a small business concern as defined in FAR 52.219-1.  The NAICS code is 334220.  The Small Business size standard is 750.  

The information received as a result of this synopsis will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.  A determination by the Air Force not to open the requirement to open competition, based on response to this sources sought synopsis, is solely within the discretion of the Air Force.  The Government does not intend to pay for any information provided under this sources sought synopsis.  

All responses may be sent via e-mail judy.pace@edwards.af.mil  or mailed to AFFTC/PKEA, 5 South Wolfe Ave, Edwards AFB, CA 93524-1185, Attention: Judy Pace.  Fax Number: 661-277-0470, please verify receipt of fax via email to Judy Pace.  Responses to this sources sought synopsis are due in the office by Close of Business (COB), December 21, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFFTC/Reference-Number-FA9302-07-R-0005/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>EDWARDS AFB CA
<POPZIP>93524
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>Fleet and Industrial Supply Center Jacksonville
<ZIP>32212-0097
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>812332
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Supply Systems Command, Fleet and Industrial Supply Center Jacksonville, 110 Yorktown Ave 3rd Floor, Code 200, Jacksonville, FL, 32212-0097, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>S -- Laundry Services- NAVHOSP Corpus Christi
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-N0028508RQLS500
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>12272007
<CONTACT>Thomas Hollinger, Contract Specialist, Phone 9045421063, Fax 9045421098, Email thomas.hollinger1@navy.mil
<DESC>Laundry of pillows, blankets, bedspreads, sheets, gowns, and other linens for the Naval Hospital at Corpus Christi, TX.  Requirments contract- one year base period plus 4 one-year options, services to begin 3-1-2008.  Contractor must display current required certifications and permits prior to award.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N688361/Reference-Number-N0028508RQLS500/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>Materiel Management Deaprtment
Naval Hospital, 10651
<POPZIP>78419
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Social Security Administration
<OFFICE>Office of Budget, Finance, and Management
<LOCATION>Office of Acquisition and Grants
<ZIP>21244
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>493110
<OFFADD>Social Security Administration, Office of Budget, Finance, and Management, Office of Acquisition and Grants, 1st Floor, Rear Entrance 7111 Security Blvd., Baltimore, MD, 21244, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Warehouse Support Services
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-SSA-CWLS-0941-08-1406
<ARCHDATE>01312008
<CONTACT>Syreeta Gay, Contract Specialist, Phone 410-965-9510, Fax 410-966-9310, Email syreeta.gay@ssa.gov
<DESC>The solicitation (SSA-RFP-08-1028) will be available on the Fed Biz Ops (FBO) web page at http://www.fbo.gov on or about Monday, January 14, 2008.  Prospective offerors will be given an opportunity to do a walk through of the two warehouse facilities and to submit questions prior to the submission of proposals.  The date of the walk through and submission date for questions will be addressed in the Request for Proposal package.  All parties interested in submitting an offer should download the solicitation from the FBO web site.  No telephone, email or fax requests will be honored.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/SSA/DCFIAM/OAG/Reference-Number-SSA-CWLS-0941-08-1406/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>8a Competitive
<POPADDRESS>Baltimore, MD & Hanover, MD
<POPZIP>21235
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0321
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<ZIP>22060-6222
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>493190
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Defense Energy Support Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Road, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6222, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- Operation, Maintenance and Protection of Government Owned Air Force Bulk Fuel Facility (GOCO)
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0527
<CONTACT>Annie Gordon, Contract Specialist, Phone 703 767-9346, Fax 703 767-9338, Email annie.gordon@dla.mil
<DESC>Government-owned, Contractor operated (GOCO) Fuel Services, to include bulk storage, inventory control, distribution, and fuels accounting at Eielsen Air Force Base, Alaska. The contractor shall provide all necessary management, supervision, personnel, labor, materials, parts, general and specialized equipment to maintain and operate Government (Air Force) owned fuel facilities and equipment at Eielsen Air Force Base, Alaska.  The estimated performance period is October 1, 2007 through September 30, 2012.  Services are currently being performed by Air Force personnel. The solicitation will be published electronically on both the FedBizOpps website and the DESC-FP solicitation download website. http://www.desc.dla.mil. Solicitation will be posted to both websites on or about April 3, 2007. Questions should be emailed to the email addresses within this solicitation announcement. Best Value, Source Selection procedures will be used in this procurement.  A mandatory pre proposal conference and site visit will be conducted for this solicitation. Registration requirements, location, dates and times of this conference will be included in the solicitation when issued; attendance is mandatory. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DESC/SP0600-07-R-0527/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>Eielsen Air Force Base, Alaska
<POPZIP>99702
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>0321
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<ZIP>22060-6222
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>493190
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Defense Energy Support Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Road, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6222, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- Operation, Maintenance and Protection of Government Owned Air Force Bulk Fuel Facility (GOCO)
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0528
<CONTACT>Annie Gordon, Contract Specialist, Phone 703 767-9346, Fax 703 767-9338, Email annie.gordon@dla.mil
<DESC>Government-owned, Contractor operated (GOCO) Fuel Services, to include bulk storage, inventory control, distribution, and fuels accounting at Elmendorf Air Base, Alaska. The contractor shall provide all necessary management, supervision, personnel, labor, materials, parts, general and specialized equipment to maintain and operate Government (Air Force) owned fuel facilities and equipment at Elmendorf Air Base, Alaska.  The estimated performance period is October 1, 2007 through September 30, 2012.  Services are currently being performed by Air Force personnel. The solicitation will be published electronically on both the FedBizOpps website and the DESC-FP solicitation download website. http://www.desc.dla.mil. Solicitation will be posted to both websites on or about April 3, 2007. Questions should be emailed to the email addresses within this solicitation announcement. Best Value, Source Selection procedures will be used in this procurement.  A mandatory pre proposal conference and site visit will be conducted for this solicitation. Registration requirements, location, dates and times of this conference will be included in the solicitation when issued; attendance is mandatory. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DESC/SP0600-07-R-0528/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>Elmendorf Air Base, Alaska
<POPZIP>99506
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16--Brake Assembly
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-08-R-0139
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>William Rhodes, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-4285, Fax (804)279-6014, Email William.Rhodes@dla.mil
<DESC>MODIFICATION: Increased the quantity from 72 each to 135 each with a new close date of 14 Dec 07.  Request For Proposal (RFP) Solicitation for NSN 1630-01-235-2706, Brake Assembly, Aircraft Braking Systems Corp (ABSC), Cage 0B9R9, for P/N 9542108-2 is the only approved source. The Government anticipates issuing an order against the existing BOA F42620-03-G-0003 awarded to ABSC for a qty of 72 each .  The Defense Supply Center Richmond (DSCR) intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price type contract for this item.  DSCR does not currently have an approved Technical Data Package (TDP) available for this NSN. Requested delivery is 400 Days After Receipt of Order.  Critical Safety Item.  Critical Application Item.  Configuration Control Applies.  FOB and Inspection/Acceptance at Origin.  The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation.  THE SOLICITATION WILL BE AVAILABLE VIA THE DLA-BSM INTERNET BID BOARD SYSTEM (DIBBS) AT https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil ON THE ISSUE DATE CITED IN THE RFP.  FROM THE DIBBS HOMEPAGE, SELECT SOLICITATIONS, SELECT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP)/INVITATION FOR BID (IFB) TAB, THEN SELECT SEARCH THE RFP/IFB DATABASE.  THEN CHOOSE THE RFP YOU ARE SEARCHING FOR.  RFP'S ARE IN PORTABLE DOCUMENT FORMAT (PDF).  TO DOWNLOAD AND VIEW THESE DOCUMENTS YOU WILL NEED THE LATEST VERSION OF ADOBE ACROBAT READER.  THIS SOFTWARE IS AVAILABLE FREE AT http://www.adobe.com.  A PAPER COPY OF THE SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE TO REQUESTORS
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A5-08-R-0139/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>339999
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- Cable Assembly Spec
<SOLNBR>SPM4A6-08-R-0032
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Jackie Brown, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-3399, Fax (804)279-, Email Jackie.Brown@dla.mil
<DESC>PR: 15832435 Firm Fixed Price for NSN 6150-01-521-3510, SPM4A6-08-R-0032, CABLE ASSEMBLY, SPECIAL PURPOSE ELECTRICAL Qty: 8698 with 100% option Qty. DSCR does not currently have an approved technical data package available for this NSN.  The approved source is ROCKWELL COLLINS, INC Cage 13499, P/N: 987-5020-001. The requested delivery will be 112 Days ARO or best available. Automated Best Value System (ABVS) will apply; offers will be evaluated based on price offered and past performance.  FOB Destination and Inspection/Acceptance Destination will be required.  Issue date December 18, 2007 & Closing date January 18 2008. The solicitation will be posted on DIBBS at https://dibbs.bsm.dla.mil on or about December 18, 2007. Point of Contact: Jackie Gardner Brown, Telephone 804 279 3399, FAX 804 279 4708. EMAIL: jackie.brown@dla.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A6-08-R-0032/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPZIP>23297
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>68
<NAICS>325998
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>68 -- CHLORINATION KIT
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608R0215
<RESPDATE>010908
<ARCHDATE>01242008
<CONTACT>Vickie Parker, Contract Specialist (Contractor), Phone (804)279-3989, Fax (804)279-6347, Email Vickie.Parker.ctr@dla.mil - Stuart Dowdy, Acquisition Specialist (Contractor), Phone (804)279-5763, Fax (804)279-5337, Email Stuart.Dowdy.ctr@dla.mil
<DESC>This requirement will be solicited for award of a Definite Quantity Contract for NSN 6850-00-270-6225, Chlorination Kit, IAW DSCR Cutsheet DSCR-289.  The award will be for quantity of 4000 Kits.  EPA Registration/Labeling Required.  MSDS is required.  Shelf Life Type II 48 Mos.  Item is not commercial.

Delivery required is 30 days ARO.  Ship to location is Richmond, VA (DDRV).    FOB: Destination with Inspection/Acceptance at Destination.   

This procurement is Set-aside 100% for Small Business.  The solicitation will be issued on or about 10 December 2007 and closing date will be 31 DECEMBER 2007. 

 A copy of the solicitation will be available via the Internet Bid Board System at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP on the same issue date cited in the solicitation.   Choose the RFP you wish to download.  Solicitations are in portable document format (PDF).   To download and view these documents you will need the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader.  This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.  A paper copy of the solicitation will not be available to requestors.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A608R0215/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336411
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- INSULATION BLANKET; C-130
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0461
<RESPDATE>010908
<ARCHDATE>01242008
<CONTACT>Ivette Hernandez, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-2962, Fax (804)279-6055, Email Ivette.Hernandez@dla.mil
<DESC>Notice is being modified to revise the solicitation issue date to December 6, 2007 and closing date of January 9, 2008.  NSN 1660-00-499-4554, Insulation Blanket C-130 Aircraft. Unrestricted Procurement; Full and Open Competition after exclusion of sources.  Critical Application Item; Configuration Control Applies.  Purchase Request is intended to be awarded as an Indefinite Quantity Contract with an estimated annual demand of 84 pieces (See solicitation for additional details); Origin inspection; FOB Destination to Stock Location; Requested Delivery is 30 days AFAA. First Article Government Testing for 2 samples is required. Electronic Offers are not acceptable; Offerors must submit a completed solicitation package; A copy of the solicitation will be available via the DIBBS at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP on the issue date cited in the RFP.  RFP's are in portable document format (PDF).  To download and view these documents you will need the latest version of Adobe Acrobat.  This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.  A paper copy of this solicitation will be available to requesters.  The solicitation issue date is December 3, 2007.

FBO:  http://www.fbo.gov/

https://www.dibbs/bsm.dla.mil/RFP for BSM Solicitations

https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP for Amendments
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A7-08-R-0461/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY
RICHMOND VIRGINIA
<POPZIP>23297-5353
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- Panel, Indicator
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708R0505
<RESPDATE>011708
<ARCHDATE>02012008
<CONTACT>Ruth Gullette, Acquisition Specialist (Contractor), Phone (804)279-2217, Fax (804)279-1665, Email Ruth.Gullette@dla.mil
<DESC>Modification issued to correct NSN to read: 1680-01-047-7140. PR 0015504391, 1680-01-047-7140, Panel, Indicator, Part Number 16VK007-2, First Article (Government) testing, Export Control Bidset exists for this item, Configuration control applies, critical application item. FOB Destination with inspection and acceptance at origin. Unrestricted, Other than full and open competition. Quantity 135 each with provisions for quantity option. Production delivery schedule 275 days to stock locations (CONUS). The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. A copy of the solicitation will be available via the DLA Internet Bid Board System at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/RFP on the same issue date cited in the solicitation. Choose the RFP you wish to download. Solicitations are in portable document format (PDF). To download and view these documents you will need the latest version of Adobe Arobat Reader. This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.  A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requesters.

The solicitation issue date is: 18 December 2007
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708R0505/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>335312
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Richmond, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>61 -- SPM4M108R0132 - 30 OR 60 KW TQG, TACTICAL QUIET FAMILY GENERATOR
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108R0132
<RESPDATE>011108
<ARCHDATE>01262008
<CONTACT>Gladys  Brown, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-1561, Fax (804)279-6300, Email Gladys.Brown@dla.mil - Sophia Wooten, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-2835, Fax (804)279-3666, Email sophia.wooten@dla.mil
<DESC>NSN 6115-01-473-7860, IQC07249009015; ITEM: GENERATOR, ALTERNATING CURRENT; JOHN DEERE CONSTRUCTION & FORESTRY (CAGE: 1J955) PART NUMBER SE501341; THE SOLICITATION WILL BE ISSUED AS AN UNRESTICTED PROCUREMENT (OTHER THAN FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION).  DELIVERY WILL BE 62 DAYS ADO.  FOB IS AT DESTINATION. INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE WILL TAKE PLACE AT DESTINATION. THIS PROCUREMENT IS FOR AN INDEFINITE QUANTITY CONTRACT (IQC) FOR A BASE YEAR AND FOUR ONE YEAR OPTION PERIODS (NOT TO EXCEED 60 MONTHS).  THIS IS NOT A CRITICAL SAFETY ITEM. THIS IS A CRITICAL APPLICATION ITEM. AUTOMATED BEST VALUE SYSTEM (ABVS): THE FINAL CONTRACT AWARD DECISION MAY BE BASED UPON A COMBINATION OF PRICE, PAST PERFORMANCE, AND OTHER EVALUATION FACTORS AS DESCRIBED IN THE SOLICITATION.  THIS PROCUREMENT IS FOR A FIRM FIXED PRICE TYPE CONTRACT.  PROGRESS PAYMENTS ARE NOT REQUIRED.  COST AND PRICING DATA WILL NOT BE REQUESTED AS THIS IS A COMMERCIAL ITEM.  A SUBCONTRACTING PLAN WILL BE REQUIRED IF THE AWARDEE IS A LARGE BUSINESS CONCERN.  A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION WILL BE AVAILABLE VIA THE DLA INTERNET BID BOARD SYSTEM AT HTTPS://WWW.DIBBS.BSM.DLA.MIL ON THE ISSUE DATE CITED IN THE RFP.  FROM THE DIBBS HOMEPAGE, CLICK THE "RFP/IFB" BUTTON AT THE TOP.  THEN SELECT THE "SOLICITATION NUMBER" RADIO BUTTON AND ENTER THE SOLICITATION NUMBER INTO THE "SEARCH VALUE(S)" BLOCK.  CLICK THE "SUBMIT" BUTTON.  RFPS ARE IN PORTABLE DOCUMENT FORMAT (PDF).  TO DOWNLOAD AND VIEW THESE DOCUMENTS YOU WILL NEED THE LATEST VERSION OF ADOBE ACROBAT READER.  THIS SOFTWARE IS AVAILABLE FREE AT HTTP://WWW.ADOBE.COM.  A PAPER COPY OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE TO REQUESTERS.  SOLICITATION ISSUE DATE: DECEMBER 12, 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR/SPM4M108R0132/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>47
<NAICS>332999
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM, P O Box 3990, Columbus, OH, 43216-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>47 -- Hose Assembly, Nonmetallic
<SOLNBR>SPM7M4-08-R-0004
<RESPDATE>011408
<ARCHDATE>01292008
<CONTACT>Patrcia Hodge, Contract Specialist, Phone 614-692-7710, Fax 614-692-6922, Email patricia.hodge@dla.mil
<DESC>NSN 4720-01-395-2107, HOSE ASSEMBLY, NONMETALLIC.  3 INCH ID. 12 FOOT LENGTH.  TRANSITION HOSE FOR 150,000 GPD REVERSE OSMOSIS WATER PURIFICATION UNIT.  
I/A/W DRAWING NR 97403 13226E8425
BASIC    DTD
AMEND NR  DTD 01 JAN 01
TYPE NUMBER:  13226E8425-1
I/A/W DRAWING NR 97403 13226E8655
REFNO  DTD
AMEND NR  DTD
TYPE NUMBER:
THIS SOLICITATION IS 100% SET ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESS AND FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION AFTER EXCLUSION OF SOURCES APPLIES.  VARIOUS INCREMENTS SOLICITED.  DELIVERY TO NEW CUMBERLAND, PA.   ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT AN OFFER.  SEE NOTES 1 AND 26.  COPIES OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL BE AVAILABLE ON THE DSCC WEB SITE ON OR AFTER 12/10/07..
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M4-08-R-0004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>42
<NAICS>334512
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia, PA, 19111-5096, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>42 -- Sensing Device
<SOLNBR>SPM8EH07R0005
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Aaron Watson, Contract Specialist, Phone 215-737-0382, Fax 215-737-4045, Email Aaron.Watson@dla.mil - Carolyn Zdunkiewicz, Contract Specialist, Phone 215.737.0801, Fax 215/737.8288, Email Carolyn.Zdunkiewicz@dla.mil
<DESC>The Defense Supply Center of Philadelphia is seeking proposals from business entities interested in participating in an unrestricted commercial acquisition under FAR 13.5 Test Program for Certain Commercial Items. NSN 4210-01-193-7461, is a Sensing Device, which is manufactured by sole source manufacturer Vericor Power Systems. Solicitation SPM8EH07R0005 is expected be issued December 18, 2007. The proposed acquisition is for a total estimated quantity of 82 EA. Delivery is to CONUS locations, FOB destination. Delivery schedule is for 180 days. The acquisition will be solicited as an RFP. The solicitation will be evaluated with Delivery Evaluation, Past Performance and Price of EQUAL IMPORTANCE. In addition, within past performance, delivery and quality will be rated equally. This acquisition is for supplies that the government does not possess complete unrestrictive technical data; therefore the government intends to solicit and contract with only approved source under the authority of 10 U.S.C.2304c(1). Sole source is Vericor Power Systems P/N 0-483-050-01, the primary point of contact is Aaron Watson, DSCP-FCCA (215)737-0382. To obtain a copy of the solicitation at time of issue, please visit our website https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/ (The DLA Internet Bid Board System). From the DIBBS homepage under Solicitations select Requests for Proposal (RFP)/ Invitation for Bid (IFB). Then enter the solicitation# into the select value box and click on submit.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I/SPM8EH07R0005/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Northampton VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>01053
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>237110
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;VAMC Northampton;Acquisitions-001A;421 North Main Street;Leeds MA  01053-9764
<SUBJECT>Y--Grease trap system replacement for building
<SOLNBR>VA-241-08-RQ-0046
<RESPDATE>122807
<ARCHDATE>02262008
<CONTACT>Jane LaBorde Contract Specialist 413-584-4040 ext. 2404
<DESC>VA-241-08-RQ-0046 VAMC NORTHAMPTON GREASE TRAP SERVICE AMENDMENT  2 1.	In solicitation  clause 52.228-1  (c )  add:  bid bond amount to read 20%. 2.	Add the following clauses 52.228-13 -- Alternative Payment Protections.Alternative Payment Protections (Jul 2000) (a) The Contractor shall submit one of the following payment protections:         I   Payment Bond;   II  Irrevocable letter of credit;   III  Tripartite escrow agreement (b) The amount of the payment protection shall be 100 percent of the contract price. (c) The submission of the payment protection is required within __10_ days of contract award. (d) The payment protection shall provide protection for the full contract performance period plus a one-year period. (e) Except for escrow agreements and payment bonds, which provide their own protection procedures, the Contracting Officer is authorized to access funds under the payment protection when it has been alleged in writing by a supplier of labor or material that a nonpayment has occurred, and to withhold such funds pending resolution by administrative or judicial proceedings or mutual agreement of the parties. (f) When a tripartite escrow agreement is used, the Contractor shall utilize only suppliers of labor and material that signed the escrow agreement.                                  (End of Clause) 52.228-15 -- Performance and Payment Bonds -- Construction (Nov 2006) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause -- "Original contract price" means the award price of the contract; or, for requirements contracts, the price payable for the estimated total quantity; or, for indefinite-quantity contracts, the price payable for the specified minimum quantity. Original contract price does not include the price of any options, except those options exercised at the time of contract award. (b) Amount of required bonds. Unless the resulting contract price is $100,000 or less, the successful offeror shall furnish performance and payment bonds to the Contracting Officer as follows: (1) Performance Bonds (Standard Form 25). The penal amount of performance bonds at the time of contract award shall be 100 percent of the original contract price. (2) Payment Bonds (Standard Form 25-A). The penal amount of payment bonds at the time of contract award shall be 100 percent of the original contract price. (3) Additional bond protection. (i) The Government may require additional performance and payment bond protection if the contract price is increased. The increase in protection generally will equal 100 percent of the increase in contract price. (ii) The Government may secure the additional protection by directing the Contractor to increase the penal amount of the existing bond or to obtain an additional bond. (c) Furnishing executed bonds. The Contractor shall furnish all executed bonds, including any necessary reinsurance agreements, to the Contracting Officer, within the time period specified in the Bid Guarantee provision of the solicitation, or otherwise specified by the Contracting Officer, but in any event, before starting work. (d) Surety or other security for bonds. The bonds shall be in the form of firm commitment, supported by corporate sureties whose names appear on the list contained in Treasury Department Circular 570, individual sureties, or by other acceptable security such as postal money order, certified check, cashier's check, irrevocable letter of credit, or, in accordance with Treasury Department regulations, certain bonds or notes of the United States. Treasury Circular 570 is published in the Federal Register or may be obtained from the: U.S. Department of Treasury Financial Management Service Surety Bond Branch 3700 East West Highway, Room 6F01 Hyattsville, MD 20782 Or via the internet at http://www.fms.treas.gov/c570/ . (e) Notice of subcontractor waiver of protection (40 U.S.C. 3133(c)). Any waiver of the right to sue on the payment bond is void unless it is in writing, signed by the person whose right is waived, and executed after such person has first furnished labor or material for use in the performance of the contract.     (End of Clause) 52.228-16 Performance and Payment Bonds -- Other Than Construction (Nov 2006) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause -- "Original contract price" means the award price of the contract or, for requirements contracts, the price payable for the estimated quantity; or for indefinite-quantity contracts, the price payable for the specified minimum quantity. Original contract price does not include the price of any options, except those options exercised at the time of contract award. (b) The Contractor shall furnish a performance bond (Standard Form 1418) for the protection of the Government in an amount equal to _100__ percent of the original contract price and a payment bond (Standard Form 1416) in an amount equal to __100_ percent of the original contract price. (c) The Contractor shall furnish all executed bonds, including any necessary reinsurance agreements, to the Contracting Officer, within __10__ days, but in any event, before starting work. (d) The Government may require additional performance and payment bond protection if the contract price is increased. The Government may secure additional protection by directing the Contractor to increase the penal amount of the existing bonds or to obtain additional bonds. (e) The bonds shall be in the form of firm commitment, supported by corporate sureties whose names appear on the list contained in Treasury Department Circular 570, individual sureties, or by other acceptable security such as postal money order, certified check, cashier's check, irrevocable letter of credit, or, in accordance with Treasury Department regulations, certain bonds or notes of the United States. Treasury Circular 570 is published in the Federal Register, or may be obtained from the: U.S. Department of Treasury Financial Management Service Surety Bond Branch 3700 East West Highway, Room 6F01 Hyattsville, MD 20782 Or via the internet at http://www.fms.treas.gov/c570/ . (End of Clause)
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/NoVAMC/VAMCCO80220/VA-241-08-RQ-0046/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>JANE.LABORDE@VA.GOV
<DESC>VAMC CONTRACTING OFFICER
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
<POPADDRESS>VAMC NORHTAMPTON  BLDG 5;421 N MAIN ST;LEEDS MA
<POPZIP>01053
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Maryland Health Care System
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care System
<ZIP>21201
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541512
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;VA Maryland Health Care System;Contracting Officer (90C);P.O. Box 1000, Bldg. 101, Room 26;Perry Point MD  21902
<SUBJECT>D--MUMPS AUDIOFAX LICENSE RENEWAL
<SOLNBR>VA-245-08-RP-0002
<RESPDATE>123107
<ARCHDATE>02292008
<CONTACT>Deborah G. McCavitt 410-642-1075
<DESC>Correction--No set asides are applicable to Solicitation VA-245-08-RP-0002.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VAMHCS512/VAMHCS512/VA-245-08-RP-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Deborah.McCavitt@va.gov
<DESC>Contracting Officer
<SETASIDE>N/A
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Tennessee Valley Health Care System (Murfreesboro)
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Tennessee Valley Health Care System Alvin C. York Campus
<ZIP>37129
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;ASC - VISN 9;3400 Lebanon Pike;Murfreesboro TN  37129
<SUBJECT>Z--Construct FCA NHCU Cultural Changes
<SOLNBR>VA-249-08-IB-0035
<RESPDATE>123007
<ARCHDATE>01092008
<CONTACT>Karen G Reeves Contracting Officer 615-867-5428
<DESC>This modification extends the due date to December 31, 2007 at 2:00 p.m. cst. This is a Monday. This modification also updates drawings M1 through M5 and E1 through E7 and P1. This modification replaces drawings A9 and A10. Most of the specifications are in the first uploaded document. They will not be uploaded again. Please send me an e-mail if you need any further information at Karen.Reeves@va.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/MuVAMC626A4/MuVAMC626A4/VA-249-08-IB-0035/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Karen.Reeves@med.va.gov
<DESC>Construct FCA NHCU Cultural Changes
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
<POPADDRESS>VAMC, Mountain Home, TN 37684
<POPZIP>37684
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Dayton VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>45428
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>325120
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Dayton VA Medical Center;4100 W. Third St.;Dayton OH  45428
<SUBJECT>65--Home Oxygen
<SOLNBR>VA-250-08-RP-0073
<RESPDATE>122707
<ARCHDATE>01262008
<CONTACT>Sam Tahmoush Contract Specialist 937-262-2120
<DESC>This is an Amendment that will change the response date to December 27, 2007 at 3:00 PM. Also the Solicitation document that was posted earlier will be revised and posted later this week.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/DaVAMC552/DaVAMC552/VA-250-08-RP-0073/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>samuel.tahmoush@med.va.gov
<DESC>Contracting Officer email
<SETASIDE>N/A
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Albany VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>12208-3410
<CLASSCOD>C
<NAICS>541310
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Samuel S . Stratton VA Medical Center;113 Holland Avenue;Albany NY  12208-3410
<SUBJECT>C--A/E DESIGN ASBESTOS ABATEMENT IN SUB BASEMENT
<SOLNBR>VA-528-08-RP-0042
<RESPDATE>010708
<ARCHDATE>03072008
<CONTACT>Kellyann Bruno Contract Specialist (518) 626-6979
<DESC>PLEASE NOTE THE RESPONSE DATE HAS CHANGED. THE NEW RESPONSE DATE IS MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 2008.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/AlVAMC500/AlVAMC500/VA-528-08-RP-0042/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Kellyann.Bruno@va.gov
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07
<ZIP>07703-5008
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>333314
<OFFADD>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07, ATTN:  AMSEL-AC, Building 1208, Fort Monmouth, NJ  07703-5008
<SUBJECT>58--Request for Information (RFI) for the Driver's Vision Enhancer - Family of Systems (DVE-FOS).
<SOLNBR>W15P7T08RS369
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>02122008
<CONTACT>Robert Catania, 732-532-8364
<DESC>Acquisition Overview This request for information (RFI) is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered as an invitation for bid (IFB), request for quotation (RFQ), request for proposal (RFP), or as an obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services.  Your response to this RFI will be treated as information only.  No entitlement to payment of direct or indirect costs or charges by the Government will arise as a result of contractor submission of responses to this announcement or the Govern ment use of such information.  The Government reserves the right to reject, in whole or part, any contractor input resulting from this request.  This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter into negotiations to aw ard a contract.  No funds have been authorized, appropriated, or received for this effort.  The information provided may be used by the Army in developing its overall acquisition strategy, statement of work, statement of objectives, and performance specifi cations.  Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary or competition sensitive information contained in their response.  The Government does not intend to award a contract or to otherwise pay for the information submitted in respo nse to this RFI. This request for information (RFI) is to invite industry comment on a potential change in the Acquisition Strategy (AS) for the Drivers Vision Enhancer  Family of Systems (DVE-FOS).  PM NV/RSTA and PM FLIR are in the process of analyzing alternatives lea ding to the development of a FY08-FY13 program plan and acquisition strategy for the DVE-FOS consisting of the DVE, DVE-LITE and DVE-Forward Activity Detection System (DVE-FADS).  Performance and technical specifications for each product and other pertinen t requirements documents may be accessed in the DVE reading room located on the IBOP, Solicitation Number W15P7T-08-R-S369.  The government encourages interested parties to provide comments with regard to the feasibility of the DVE-FOS strategies identifie d herein.  Additionally, submission of alternative strategies, suggestions for acceleration of system qualifications, recommendations for economic ordering quantities, economical range quantity breaks, best value discriminators, realistic production ramp u p, and monthly production sustainment quantities are of significant interest to the government. The notional DVE-FOS program plan and acquisition strategy is intended to cover system level requirements for the next five (5) fiscal years.  It is expected that the government will acquire in excess of 17,800 DVE-FOS systems over a five (5) year performa nce period.  The PM intends to include requirements for DVE-FOS systems, installation kits, spare parts, transportation cases, system qualification testing, and engineering services.  The government plans to conduct a best value competition and intends to reserve the right to make multiple Indefinite Delivery-Indefinite Quantity awards.  DVE-FOS systems and spares will be priced on a firm fixed price basis with range quantities established for each program year.  System qualification testing will also be pr iced on a firm fixed price basis and a separate line item for engineering services will be included on a time and materials basis.  Considerations for the best value competition will place emphasis on mature technical solutions with low programmatic risk; delivery schedule; supportability; backward compatibility with legacy systems; potential for technology enhancements and reliability growth; production capacity and ability to ramp up and sustain high volume production with minimum advance notice.  It is e nvisioned that all DVE-FOS products will have to be qualified prior to delivery unless the government grants a waiver.  Notional delivery schedules for all hardware products will be three (3) months after receipt of order.  The government anticipates that successful offerors will have to demonstrate their capacity to maintain and sustain an accelerated monthly production ramp up rate of 1,000 systems per month. A Government Industry Day will be held 18 December 2007, at Ft. Belvoir, VA, within the Night Vision Electronic Sensors Directorate (NVESD) compound, building 309, in the Virtual Prototyping and Simulations (VPS) arena.  Industry Day will begin with an int roductory briefing on the governments plans for DVE-FOS at 0900 hrs EST.   After the government briefing, interested parties will have the opportunity to meet with Government representatives for no more than 30 minutes with the government to discuss their DVE-FOS acquisition strategy considerations.  Request to schedule an indust ry one-on-one with the Government must be submitted at the same time as registration for the event. Each industry participant will be limited to a maximum of three (3) attendees. The government will provide the scheduled times for the one-on-one sessions a t the Industry Day briefing.  Each industry participant is responsible for providing their own copies of briefing materials during their session. Any questions regarding this RFI must be submitted by email to the contract specialist, Robert Catania (robert.catania@us.army.mil).  The briefing materials will be posted to the IBOP on or about 6 December 2007 in the DVE Reading Room under the Solicitati on folder W15P7T-08-R-S369.  Responses to the DVE-FOS RFI are due to Robert Catania (robert.catania@us.army.mil), NLT 1600hrs EST on 14 December 2007. Meeting requests and registration must be submitted to Patrick Schertler (patrick.schertler@conus.army.mil) no later than 1600 hrs EST on 12 December 2007. Each registration shall contain company name, business unit, address, and a list of attendees with nationality.  Due to security approval timelines, all non-US companies must utilize US citizen representatives.  Industry participants are reminded that it m ay take up to one hour to get through Ft. Belvoir and NVESD compound security. Scope See:  (12042007) DVE-FOS RFI (Technical Overview).doc, located on the IBOP in Solicitation folder W15P7T-08-R-S369.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAB07/W15P7T08RS369/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>robert.catania@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07 ATTN:  AMSEL-AC, Building 1208 Fort Monmouth NJ
<POPZIP>07703-5008
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>TACOM - Picatinny, Center for  Contracting and Commerce
<ZIP>07806-5000
<CLASSCOD>13
<OFFADD>US Army ARDEC, AMSTA-AR-PC, Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey 07806-5000
<SUBJECT>13--7.62mm Short Range Training Ammunition (SRTA)
<SOLNBR>W15QKN-08-R-0636
<RESPDATE>013108
<ARCHDATE>03012008
<CONTACT>Louisa Melendez, Contract Specialist, (973)724-2910
<DESC>The purpose of this Amendment# 0001 is to extend the Closing Date from 06 December 2007 to 31 January 2008. //Nothing Follows//
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE30/W15QKN-08-R-0636/listing.html
<DESC>US ARMY TACOM-Picatinny Procurement Network
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>louisa.melendez@us.army.mil
<DESC>Louisa Melendez
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>TACOM - Picatinny, Center for  Contracting and Commerce
<ZIP>07806-5000
<CLASSCOD>13
<OFFADD>US Army ARDEC, AMSTA-AR-PC, Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey 07806-5000
<SUBJECT>13--105mm M467A1 TP-T Cartridge
<SOLNBR>W15QKN-08-R-0638
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Margaret Heyrich, Contract Specialist, (973)724-3871
<DESC>See amendment 0004 for questions regarding the RFP.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE30/W15QKN-08-R-0638/listing.html
<DESC>US ARMY TACOM-Picatinny Procurement Network
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>margaret.heyrich@us.army.mil
<DESC>Margaret Heyrich
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>339999
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>16--Ballistic Protection System - Request for Information
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ08R0034
<RESPDATE>010408
<ARCHDATE>03042008
<CONTACT>David Beddingfield, 256 876 9126
<DESC>Request for Information extended through January 4, 2008. BALLISTIC PROTECTION SYSTEM - REQUEST FOR INFORMATION, NEW BALLISTIC PROTECTION SYSTEM (BPS) SHOULD BE USER FRIENDLY FOR THE SOLDIER IN- THEATER.  THE SYSTEM(S) SHOULD PROVIDE USER-FRIENDLY BALLISTIC PROTECTION TO THE FLIGHT CREW, PASSENGER/CARGO, AND RAMP  PORTIONS OF THE H-47 AIRCRAFT.   THE BPS SHOULD PROVE TO BE A COST EFFECTIVE ALTERNATIVE/REPLACEMENT TO THE CURRENT SYSTEM.  THE END GOAL FOR THE BPS IS TO OBTAIN FULL QUALIFICATION THROUGH AVIATION ENGINEERING DIRECTORATE (AED) STANDARDS.    IN ADDITION TO THE GENERAL GUIDELINES ABOVE, THE NEW BPS SHALL TAKE THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS INTO CONSIDERATION:  BPS SHALL:  PROVIDE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF JUSTICE (NIJ) LEVEL III PROTECTION, BE COMPATIBLE WITH THE FOLLOWING AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATIONS FOR A LL VERSIONS OF US ARMY H-47:  HELICOPTER INTERNAL CARGO HANDLING SYSTEM (HICHS), EXTENDED RANGE FUEL SYSTEM (ERFS), CARGO HANDLING MISSIONS, PASSENGER/TROOP SEATING, CRASHWORTHY CREW SEATS (LEFT AND RIGHT); NOT EXCEED 3500 POUNDS, REQUIRE NO MORE THAN A 2- MAN LIFT ON ANY ONE PIECE OF THE SYSTEM, NOT REDUCE THE CARGO HANDLING SPACE AVAILABLE, BE COMPLETELY SECURED TO THE AIRCRAFT, MEET FULL AED QUALIFICATION AND AIRWORTHINESS STANDARDS, HAVE MINIMAL IMPACT TO ALL TIE DOWN POINTS, BE EASILY REPLACEABLE WHEN R EQUIRED, NOT INTERFERE WITH EXISTING ELECTRICAL/NAVIGATIONAL SYSTEMS ON THE AIRCRAFT, REQUIRE MINIMAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION (I.E. NO HEATER RE-DESIGN), INCORPORATE RAPID CONFIGURATION CHANGES FROM CARGO TO PAX MISSIONS, RECONFIGURATIO N SHOULD NOT EXCEED 20 MINUTES.  BPS SHOULD:  PROTECT:  COCKPIT, CARGO AREA INCLUDING FORWARD CREW CHIEF SEATS, PASSENGER/TROOP, RAMP; BE FIELD REPAIRABLE IF POSSIBLE, INCORPORATE MINIMAL LEAD TIMES FOR PRODUCTION AND SUSTAINMENT.  BPS SYSTEM MAY:  REPLACE  VARIOUS NON-ESSENTIAL COMPONENTS (I.E. SOUNDPROOFING), BE INSTALLED UNDER EXISTING FLOOR PANELS.  NOTE:  CONSIDERATION WILL BE GIVEN TO A BALLISTIC PROTECTION/INTEGRATED CARGO HANDLING FLOOR SYSTEM.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/W58RGZ08R0034/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>david.beddingfield@peoavn.redstone.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC-CH-B, Bldg 5678 Redstone Arsenal AL
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>US Army Corp of Engineers - Alaska
<ZIP>99506-6898
<CLASSCOD>Y
<OFFADD>US Army Corp of Engineers, Alaska, CEPOA-CT, P. O. Box 6898, Elmendorf AFB, AK  99506-6898
<SUBJECT>Y--Solicitation Update
<SOLNBR>W911KB-07-R-0014
<RESPDATE>022908
<ARCHDATE>04292008
<CONTACT>Kevin J. Maloy, 907-753-5594
<DESC>Release of the solicitation for FTW 306 is delayed until further notice.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA85/W911KB-07-R-0014/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>kevin.j.maloy@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corp of Engineers, Alaska
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army Corp of Engineers, Alaska CEPOA-CT, P. O. Box 6898,  Elmendorf AFB AK
<POPZIP>99506-0898
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Maneuver Support Center and Fort Leonard Wood
<ZIP>65473-0140
<CLASSCOD>U
<NAICS>611692
<OFFADD>ACA, Maneuver Support Center and Fort Leonard Wood, Directorate of Contracting, P.O. Box 140, Fort Leonard Wood, MO  65473-0140
<SUBJECT>U--To determine potential sources capable of providing training services on construction engineering equipment, to include instructors, equipment and all necessary equipment maintenance and service at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri.
<SOLNBR>W911S7-08-1STBDE02
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>02102008
<CONTACT>Raymond Gilbreath, 573-596-0265
<DESC>THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS OR QUOTES.  The following is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE for companies who are able to perform the functions described herein.  This synopsis neither constitutes a Request for Proposal, nor does it restrict the Go vernment to an ultimate acquisition approach. This synopsis should not be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. In the event a solicitation is developed, it will be assigned a formal Request for Proposal (RFP) number and the announcement will be published on Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) NAICS: 621111;  Standard Business Size: $6.5M This Sources Sought Synopsis is in support of a market survey being conducted by the Army Contracting Agency, Directorate of Contracting at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri to determine potential sources capable of providing training services on construction en gineering equipment, to include instructors, equipment and all necessary equipment maintenance and service at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri.  All construction equipment provided as part of the instructional service should match as closely as possible, the co nstruction equipment currently in use by the US Army at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri.  The governments primary emphasis for the instructional construction equipment is the operator controls configuration.  Operator controls of provided equipment should mat ch as closely as possible those of the equipment currently in use by the US Army at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri.  See descriptions below.  It should be assumed that no government maintenance facilities are available to the vendor for the maintenance of equ ipment.  All student materials will be provided by the government.  All classroom facilities, instructional devices/automation, and required support items will be provided by the government.  All fuel for equipment will also be provided by the government. Course #1. US Army 21E10 Heavy Construction Equipment Operators Course.  Training services must be in accordance with the approved Program of Instruction (POI) for the US Army 21E10 Heavy Construction Equipment Operators Course.  . 1.	The US Army Caterpillar D7G Crawler Tractor (Bulldozer). Instructor hours: 60, student load: 30-35, student to equipment ratio: 1:2, instructor to student ratio: 1:6 a.	Caterpillar model 3306, 6 cylinders, in line, turbo charged, diesel driven.  Produces 200 horsepower at 2000 RPM's b.	Medium Drawbar Pull c.	Drawbar pull 35,000lbs (15,890 kg)  d.	Ground pressure 10.3 lbs/in (71.01 kps) e.	Ground clearance 13.7 in (34.798 cm) f.	Capable of negotiating slopes Fore and Aft 45 degrees or Side 35 degrees g.	Straight Blade, Tilt 12 inches (30.48 cm) left or right of center, Pitch blade forward or back 10 degrees 2.	The US Army Caterpillar 130G Motorized Road Grader. Instructor hours: 60, student load:  30-35, student to equipment ratio: 1:2, instructor to student ratio: 1:6   a.	Four cylinder diesel engine b.	Six speeds forward and reverse c.	9 control levers in the cab all configured around the steering wheel d.	Capable of scarifying operations with scarifier log located between front tires and moldboard e.	12 ft moldboard with float control f.	Articulated steering g.	Locking differential, tandem rear wheels 3.	The US Army Caterpillar 621B Motorized Scraper. Instructor hours: 40, student load: 30-35, student to equipment ratio: 1:2, instructor to student ratio: 1:6 a.	Self-propelled b.	14-18 Cubic Yard capacity. c.	Double-acting hydraulics for positive cutting edge penetration, apron closure and material ejection.  d.	Engine model 3406, provides 330 HP flywheel power e.	Automatic fuel injection timing advance for performance at all RPM.  f.	Transmission is eight speeds forward.  g.	Brakes are air actuated, cam-operated with expanding shoes. 4.	The US Army Case MW24C Bucket Loader.  Instructor hours: 40, student load: 30-35, student to eq uipment ratio: 1:2, instructor to student ratio: 1:6 a.	2 1/2 CU Loader b.	Needs to have a ROPS system c.	Frame steering with  4X4 d.	4 in 1 multi-purpose bucket 5.	The US Army rM1090 Dump Truck.  Instructor hours: 40, student load: 30-35, student to equipment ratio: 1:2, instructor to student ratio: 1:6 a.	Vehicle Model	M1090 b.	Cab	3-Man, cab-over-engine c.	Tires	Super singles with CTIS d.	Length  283 inch (7,182 mm)  e.	Height  112 inch (2,845 mm)   f.	Width   96 inch (2,438 mm) g.	Wheel Base  161 inch (4,100 mm) h.	Curb Weight (No Kits, Crew, Fuel)  21,978 lb (9,969 kg    i.	Ground Clearance Loaded 	 22 inch (559 mm) j.	Approach Angle 	40o k.	Departure Angle Standard	44o l.	Steering Wheel	Adjustable, tilt and telescopic m.	Steering Type	Power assist n.	Caterpillar, Diesel, 6-Cylinder	6.6 L, turbocharged and after cooled o.	Rating		290 hp (216 kW) @ 2600 rpm, EPA-certified p.	Governor	Mechanical q.	Fuel		Diesel, DF-2, JP-4, JP-8, V V-F-800 r.	Oil		18 qt (17 L) (MIL-L-2104D, MIL-L-46167) s.	Cooling	Water, radiator t.	Fan		Engine-driven, clutch-type u.	Transmission 	Allison Fully automatic, electronically controlled i.	Speeds	7 speeds, automatic/select ii.	Full-time All-wheel Drive	Integral transfer case with locking interaxle differential iii.	Normal Operation	30% torque front wheels, 70% torque rear wheels iv.	Off-Road (locked diff.)	Equal speed front-to-rear v.	Oil		31.8 qt (30 L) (MIL-L-2104D, MIL-L-46167) vi.	Wheel End Ratio	2:1 vii.	Overall Axle Gear Ratio	7.8:1  v.	Front Axel Steering Angle	35o w.	Brakes		Air-activated, internal expansion (wedge) x.	Tire Inflation System  	Eaton Electronic (cab-mounted) controls   - Highway   - Cross-country   - Sand/Mud/Snow  - Emergency y.	Dump Bed Construction	Welded steel, 5 cu yd (4 m3), 10,000 lb (4,536 kg) capacity   Course #2. US Army 21J10 General Construction Equipment Operators Course.  Training services must be provided in accordance with the approved Program of Instruction (POI) for the US Army 21E10 Heavy Construction Equipment Operators Course.   1.	The US Army John Deer 230LCR Hydraulic Excavator (HYEX). Instructor hours: 40, student load: 6-10, student to equipment ratio: 1:2, instructor to student ratio: 1:6 a.	170 horse power b.	12 foot dipper arm c.	Hydraulic thumb d.	Quick disconnect bucket assembly 2.	The US Army AT422 Crane.  (GROVE).  Instructor hours: 72, student load:  6-10, student to equipment ratio: 1:2  instructor to student ratio 1:4 a.	Approximately 22 Ton Capacity b.	Hydraulic crane (joy stick operated in superstructure) c.	27  70 Boom d.	Four lift capabilities (360? on Outriggers, 360? on Rubber, Defined arch and Pick& Carry) e.	Four Steering Modes (Front Wheel Steering, Rear Wheel Steering, Four Wheel Steering & Crab Steering) Questions the government would like answered: 1.	What is the availability of suitable equipment (as close as possible to the current Army equipment) in sufficient numbers to meet the need and if like items are not available, what types are? Detailed information related to operator controls and other e quipment specifications are requested if they deviate from current Army items. 2.	What is the lead time required from contract award to start-up.  The government is very time constrained for this need and rapid start up would be required in the event of any future possible contract award. 3.	What is the rough order of magnitude cost for the provision of these services over 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 years? 4.	What recommendations would industry offer the government in the most efficient ways to offer a contract of this nature. The Army Contracting Agency, Directorate of Contracting at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri,  is seeking businesses to submit a capability statement which must address all requirements stated herein.  Particular attention should be given to describing how the s ervices being offered would be provided in terms of contract performance strategies. Any information submitted by respondents to this Sources Sought is strictly voluntary.     The Government will not pay for any information that is submitted by respondents to this Sources Sought. The Government requests interested offerors submit one (1) c opy of their capability response no later than 4:00 p.m., Central Standard Time, on December 12, 2007 to the following address:  Directorate Of Contracting, Attn: Judy I. Mathis, 561 Iowa Avenue, Fort Leonard Wood, MO. 65473, or electronic submittals in MS  Word or Adobe Acrobat format addressed to judy.mathis@us.army.mil not later than December 12, 2007.     Please direct any questions on this announcement to Ms. Judy I. Mathis at the afore mentioned email address.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABJ/DABJ23/W911S7-08-1STBDE02/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>raymond.gilbreath@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Maneuver Support Center and Fort Leonard Wood
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>ACA, Maneuver Support Center and Fort Leonard Wood Directorate of Contracting, P.O. Box 140 Fort Leonard Wood MO
<POPZIP>65473-0140
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Maneuver Support Center and Fort Leonard Wood
<ZIP>65473-0140
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>ACA, Maneuver Support Center and Fort Leonard Wood, Directorate of Contracting, P.O. Box 140, Fort Leonard Wood, MO  65473-0140
<SUBJECT>Z--Renovation of Building 486, Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri
<SOLNBR>W911S708B0003
<RESPDATE>122007
<ARCHDATE>02182008
<CONTACT>Donald Denno, 573-596-0258
<DESC>The purpose of this amendment is to change the POC from Don Denno to Mark Hinkle, mark.hinkle@us.army.mil, 573-596-0248.  The rest is a copy of the previous synopsis.  The contractor shall furnish all plant, labor, equipment, supplies, and materials,  to renovate masonry building 486 to include demolition of interior and exterior walls, suspended ceiling, and carpet.  Also includes, but not limited to, construction of soundproof walls, new suspended ceiling system and other finishes, new child restroom , exterior storefront unit, new HVAC system and electrical systems to support the project. The range of the project is between $500,000 and $1,000,000. Procurement is set-aside for HUBZone Businesses only. NAICS is 236220 with a size standard of $31,000,00 0. Solicitation will be provided to written requests only. Reference the solicitation number, state the name of the requestor, mailing address, e-mail address and telephone number. Requests not providing the required information will not receive a response .  A fax or e-mail request will be accepted. Fax number is 573-596-0267. e-mail address is mark.hinkle@us.army.mil. All responsible HUBZone Business sources may submit a bid, which shall be considered by the agency. Point of contact is Mr. Mark Hinkle, 573 -596-0248.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABJ/DABJ23/W911S708B0003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>donald.denno@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Maneuver Support Center and Fort Leonard Wood
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
<POPADDRESS>ACA, Maneuver Support Center and Fort Leonard Wood Directorate of Contracting, P.O. Box 140 Fort Leonard Wood MO
<POPZIP>65473-0140
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Lewis
<ZIP>98433-9500
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541370
<OFFADD>ACA, Fort Lewis, Directorate of Contracting, Building 2015, Box 339500, Fort Lewis, WA  98433-9500
<SUBJECT>R--Survey of Pavement Management System Asset and Installation on Fort Lewis and Yakima Training Center (YTC), WA
<SOLNBR>W911S8-08-R-0003
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>02122008
<CONTACT>Tracey Linna, 253-966-3494
<DESC>The Army Contracting Agency, Directorate of Contracting, Fort Lewis, Washington is soliciting for proposals to award a single, firm fixed price type contract.  The contractor shall provide all personnel and resources necessary to provide a Survey of the Pavement Management System and Installation on Fort Lewis and Yakima Training Center, Washington.  Contract period of performance consists of a Base Period (1 March 2008 to 28 February 2009) and four one-year option periods.  The proposed procurement i s Unrestricted.  The Request for Proposal (RFP) number is W911S8-08-R-0003.  The applicable NAICS code is 541370 and the small business standard is $4.5 Million.  A complete description and instructions for submission of offers for the Survey for Pavement Management System and Installation will be provided within the solicitation and will be posted to FedBizOpps and on the Fort Lewis Directorate of Contracting website.  When issued, the solicitation will be available for downloading from our web site at htt p://www.lewis.army.mil/doc under Solicitations, and through FedBizOpps at http://www.fbo.gov after the date of release.  The estimated issue date is 14 December 2007 and the anticipated closing date is 14 January 2008 at 2:00:00 PM (PST).  All responsible sources may submit an offer which will be considered.  Firms offering a response to this notice should ensure they are registered in the Central Contractor Registration Database at http://www.ccr.gov/ and the applicable NAICS code 541370 is included in the  CCR profile prior to submission of offers for consideration.  All inquiries regarding this solicitation must be emailed to the Contract Specialist at tracey.linna@us.army.mil, providing the company name, Dun & Bradstreet number or Cage Code, and point of contact.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABJ/DABJ25/W911S8-08-R-0003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>tracey.linna@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Fort Lewis
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>ACA, Fort Lewis Directorate of Contracting, Building 2015, Box 339500 Fort Lewis WA
<POPZIP>98433-9500
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, South Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Bragg
<ZIP>28307-0120
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>561612
<OFFADD>ACA, Fort Bragg, Directorate of Contracting, ATTN:  SFCA-SR-BR, Building 1-1333, Armistead & Macomb Streets, Fort Bragg, NC  28310-5000
<SUBJECT>R--Security Guard Services - Fort Bragg, NC
<SOLNBR>W9124708R0001
<RESPDATE>122007
<ARCHDATE>02182008
<CONTACT>Betty j. Parker, (910) 907-5103
<DESC>THIS IS A REVISION TO PREVIOUS SOLICITATION NUMBER W91247-08-R-0001, ISSUED 16 OCT 07 WITH SUSPENSE OF 9 NOV 07. The anticipated posting of the RFP is expected on or around 20 December 2007.  The point of contract is the Contract Specialist, Ms. Betty Parker; email betty.parker1@us.army.mil.  The alternate point of contact is the Contracting Officer, Mr. Marc Lopez.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABK/DABK07/W9124708R0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>betty.parker1@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Fort Bragg
<SETASIDE>8a Competitive
<POPADDRESS>ACA, Fort Bragg Directorate of Contracting, ATTN:  SFCA-SR-BR, Building 1-1333, Armistead & Macomb Streets Fort Bragg NC
<POPZIP>28310-5000
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, South Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Sam Houston
<ZIP>78234-5015
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>488190
<OFFADD>ACA, Fort Sam Houston , Directorate of Contracting, 2107 17th Street, Bldg. 4197 , Fort Sam Houston, TX  78234-5015
<SUBJECT>R--Helicopter Pilot Services at the National Training Center, Fort Irwin, CA
<SOLNBR>W9124J07R0014
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<CONTACT>John Winnie, (210)221-4145
<DESC>The Army Contracting Agency Southern Region Contracting Center  West (SRCC-W), Fort Sam Houston, Texas, plans to competitively award a contract for OH-58 Helicopter Pilot Services.  This requirement is for a performance-based, non-personal services contract, which requires the contractor to perform and support helicopter flight operations using Government-owned OH-58 helicopters during training exercises at the National Training Center, Fort Irwin, California.  The services require eight Pilots in Co mmand, an Instructor Pilot/ Pilot in Command, an Aviation Life Support Equipment Technician, and an Aviation Operations Specialist.  The services are to be performed in company with US Army pilots on training exercises within a 400-mile radius of Bicycle L ake Army Air Field.  Flight operations are conducted by qualified pilots-in-command who operate Government-owned OH-58 in day, night, & night vision goggle conditions.  Aircrews shall use night vision goggles when directed by the Government, usually during  flight operations from 30 minutes after sunset until 30 minutes before sunrise.  Contractor aircrews shall also position/deposition the OH-58s for maintenance, and fly the OH-58 on other routine missions as scheduled by the Government. These routine missi ons will not include movement of Government personnel strictly for transportation from one location to another. The flights will include pinnacle landing and approaches as well as low level, nap-of-the earth and terrain following flights at varying elevati ons and at density altitudes over 5,000 feet above sea level.  Flights will be through areas of rugged peaks, deep canyons, cliffs, rock outcropping and steep slopes. Landing may be in confined areas surrounded by trees, brush, rocks, snow or ice.  Flights  will be under VFR conditions at any time of the day or night.  The contract type will be a fixed price, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity contract with an anticipated base period of twelve months and four 1-year option periods.  NAICS code is 488190  and size standard is $6.5M.  The solicitation can be viewed at www.fedbizopps.gov on or about 3 December 2008 under solicitation number W9124J-07-R-0014.  Proposals received in response to this solicitation will be evaluated in accordance with procedures outlined in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 15 for Lowest Price Technically Acceptable source selection methodology.  Proposals are due on 3 Jan 2008 and award is anticipated in April 2008.  Once the solicitation is posted, it is incumbent upon t he interested parties to review this site frequently for any updates/amendments to any and all documents.  The Government intends to award without discussions, therefore, the Offerors initial proposal shall contain its best terms.  A pre-proposal conferen ce and site visit will be held at Fort Irwin, the date and time will be provided in the solicitation.  All contractors are encouraged to attend and should register in accordance with the requirements to be provided in the solicitation.  All inquiries must be in writing, preferably via email to the persons specified in the solicitation.  All answers will be provided in writing via posting to FedBizOpps web site.  Interested parties must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) to receive a government contract award.  You may register with the CCR at http://www.ccr.gov/.   Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) must also be completed for award.  Please register Representations and Certifications at - - - http://orca.bpn. gov.  The points of contact are Mr. John Winnie, Contract Specialist, at email john.winnie@us.army.mil and Ms. Raineye Holmes, Contracting Officer, at email raineye.holmes@us.army,mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABK/DABK33/W9124J07R0014/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>john.winnie@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Fort Sam Houston
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>NTC Operations Group Bldg 650 Fort Irwin CA
<POPZIP>92310
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Honolulu
<ZIP>96858-5540
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>237120
<OFFADD>US Army Corps Of Engineers, Honolulu, Building 230, Fort Shafter, HI  96858-5440
<SUBJECT>Y--FY08 PN 0899 Replace Hydrant Fuel System, Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii
<SOLNBR>W9128A-08-R-0001
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>02192008
<CONTACT>Kris Nakashima, (808) 438-8567
<DESC>Interested parties are hereby notified that Amendment No. 0002 (Am-0002) to this solicitation is available for viewing and/or downloading at the FedTeDS website via the FedBizOpps website at http://www.fbo.gov or via a link at the Honolulu District C ontracting website at http://www.poh.usace.army.mil/CT/CT.htm.  Am-0002 provides revisions to Section 00120, and extends the proposal closing date to 21 December 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA83/W9128A-08-R-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>kris.nakashima@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps Of Engineers, Honolulu
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army Corps Of Engineers, Honolulu Building 230,  Fort Shafter HI
<POPZIP>96858-5440
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>US Army Engineer District, Philadelphia
<ZIP>19107-3390
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>US Army Engineer District, Philadelphia, 100 Penn Square East, Wanamaker Bldg (RM 643), Philadelphia, PA  19107-3390
<SUBJECT>Y--Outdoor Recreation Center, Dover Air Force Base, Dover, Delaware
<SOLNBR>W912BU-08-B-0001
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>02112008
<CONTACT>Michelle Johnson, 215-656-6774
<DESC>This amendment extends the bid opening date to 13 December 2007 at 11:00 a.m.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA61/W912BU-08-B-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>michelle.l.johnson@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Engineer District, Philadelphia
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army Engineer District, Philadelphia 100 Penn Square East, Wanamaker Bldg (RM 643) Philadelphia PA
<POPZIP>19107-3390
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Tulsa
<ZIP>74128-4609
<CLASSCOD>Y
<OFFADD>US Army Engineer District, Tulsa, ATTN:  CESWT-CT, 1645 South 101st East Avenue, Tulsa, OK  74128-4609
<SUBJECT>Y--Road Multiple Award Task Order Contract, Civil Works and Military Boundaries within Oklahoma, Texas and Kansas
<SOLNBR>W912BV08R1000
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>02122008
<CONTACT>Susie Mall, 918.669.7273
<DESC>This amendment delays the Proposal Due Date to 14 December 2007, 2:00 p.m.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA56/W912BV08R1000/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Susie.Mall@swt03.usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Engineer District, Tulsa
<SETASIDE>Total HUB-Zone
<POPADDRESS>US Army Engineer District, Tulsa ATTN:  CESWT-CT, 1645 South 101st East Avenue Tulsa OK
<POPZIP>74128-4609
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Savannah
<ZIP>31402-0889
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>237990
<OFFADD>US Army Corps of Engineers, Savannah, P.O. Box 889, Savannah, GA  31402-0889
<SUBJECT>99--Maintenance Dredging in Charleston Harbor Entrance Channel, Charleston South Carolina,  The Request for Proposal is Converted to Invitation for Bid W912HN-08-B-0001
<SOLNBR>W912HN-07-R-0109
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>02082008
<CONTACT>Amelia Bryant, (843) 329 8089
<DESC>The modification to a previous notice is to inform all offerors/bidders that Request For Proposal # W912HN-07-R-0109 has been converted to Invitation for Bid # W912HN-08-B-0001. All FEDTEDS DOCUMENTS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS IFB CAN BE LOCATED UNDER SOLICITATION # W912HN-07-R-0109.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA21/W912HN-07-R-0109/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>amelia.k.bryant@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps of Engineers, Savannah
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army Corps of Engineers, Savannah 69a Hagood Avenue Charleston SC
<POPZIP>29403-5107
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick
<ZIP>01760-5011
<CLASSCOD>H
<NAICS>541380
<OFFADD>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick, ATTN:  AMSRD-ACC-N, Natick Contracting Division (R and BaseOPS), Building 1, Kansas Street, Natick, MA  01760-5011
<SUBJECT>H--LABORATORY TESTING FOR LASER PROTECTIVE EYEWARE: AMENDMENT 0001 TO PREVIOUS NOTICE POSTED 27 NOV 2007.
<SOLNBR>W91A2K72829010
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>02122008
<CONTACT>Kevin Parker, 508-233-5937
<DESC>AMENDMENT 0001 THE FOLLOWING IS ADDED IN ITS ENTIRETY AND REPLACES PREVIOUS VERSION: PROTECTIVE EYEWEAR LASER TESTING SERVICES The Government is seeking sources to serve as an independent laser eyewear testing laboratory for testing Laser Protective Eyewear (Spectacles, Goggles, Faceshields). This is only a request for information (RFI)for  a possible contract to perform laser testing on eyewear products as required by the military. Interested companies must respond to this RFI in order to be considered for award. IF AN REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) IS ISSUED IT SHALL ONLY BE SENT TO COMPANIES RESPONDING TO THIS RFI.  The test service contract would be used as needed for a period of 1 year, plus 4 option years, with minimum committed funds and options for maximum funding/task orders.   The laser test facility shall be capable of testing to a variety of wavelength exposures already known to cause damage to the military personnel eyes by operational or environmental hazard or threat, in any of the light ranges, UV/visible/NIR spectral rang es.  The laser test facility shall be capable of conducting physical property measurements of the lenses, to include (at a minimum) lens hardness and thickness, in addition to conducting the laser test on the eyewear.  Contract information details may not be released to foreign nationals, nor will they be allowed to perform the planning of, reviewing of requirements, witness the testing, reviewing or reporting the results and data for this test service contract.  All interested companies having the existing test service capabilities that would like more information on the potential contract requirements may contact US Army Natick Soldier Research Development & Engineering Center, ATTN: AMSRD-NSC-NAC (K. Parker) 15 Kansas St, Natick, MA 01760 or electronically to kevin.parker@us.army.mil. Interested companies are also encouraged to send their company literature regarding their ability to perform these services to: debra.mclean@us.army.mil or US Army Natick Soldier Re search Development & Engineering Center, ATTN: AMSRD-NSC-WP-WI (D.McLean) 15 Kansas St, Natick, MA 01760
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAD16/W91A2K72829010/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>kevin.james.parker@us.army.mil
<DESC>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick ATTN:  AMSRD-ACC-N, Natick Contracting Division (R and BaseOPS), Building 1, Kansas Street Natick MA
<POPZIP>01760-5011
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</MOD>


<MOD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Bureau of Investigation
<LOCATION>Procurement Section
<ZIP>20535
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541519
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Procurement Section, 935 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, DC, 20535, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- ITOC - Synopsis for an information technology support services contract
<SOLNBR>WH08-01
<RESPDATE>010408
<CONTACT>Wiley Hall, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-324-2457, Fax 202-324-3104, Email wiley.hall@ic.fbi.gov
<DESC>This notice is being modified to confirm the release of RFP files for the ITOD Task Order Contract (ITOC).
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/FBI/PPMS1/WH08-01/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>935 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC
<POPZIP>20535
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</MOD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Acquisition Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Acquisition Center
<ZIP>60141
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>339112
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;OA&L / National Acquisition Center;Building 37;1st Avenue, One Block North of Cermak;Hines IL  60141
<SUBJECT>65--American MedicalsMedical Equipment & Supplies
<SOLNBR>797-FSS-99-0025-R5
<CONTACT>Monee A Robinson Contracting Officer (708) 786-5183
<AWDNBR>V797P-4058B
<AWDAMT>455,000.00
<AWDDATE>111607
<ARCHDATE>01152008
<AWARDEE>BIHANI CORPORATION;10720 CROSSWICKS RD S.;JACKSONVILLE;FL;322567238
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VANAC/VANAC/Awards/V797P-4058B.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>monee.robinson@va.gov
<DESC>Contracting Officer
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Acquisition Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Acquisition Center
<ZIP>60141
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>334510
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;OA&L / National Acquisition Center;Building 37;1st Avenue, One Block North of Cermak;Hines IL  60141
<SUBJECT>65--OxLife, LLCMedical Equipment and Supplies
<SOLNBR>797-FSS-99-0025-R5
<CONTACT>Merle Lewis Contracting Officer (708) 786-4953
<AWDNBR>V797P-4062B
<AWDAMT>250,000.00
<AWDDATE>113007
<ARCHDATE>01292008
<AWARDEE>OXLIFE OF NC LLC;141 TWIN SPRINGS AVE;HENDERSONVILLE;NC;287929262
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VANAC/VANAC/Awards/V797P-4062B.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>merle.Lewis2@med.va.gov
<DESC>Contracting Officer
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Acquisition Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Acquisition Center
<ZIP>60141
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>423450
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;OA&L / National Acquisition Center;Building 37;1st Avenue, One Block North of Cermak;Hines IL  60141
<SUBJECT>65--Moore Medical, LLC65IIA Medical Equipment & Supplies
<SOLNBR>797-FSS-99-0025-R5
<CONTACT>Terri Reynolds Contracting Officer (708) 786-5254
<AWDNBR>V797P-4061B
<AWDAMT>375,000.00
<AWDDATE>112907
<LINENBR>12
<ARCHDATE>01282008
<AWARDEE>MOORE MEDICAL LLC;389 JOHN DOWNEY DR;NEW BRITAIN;CT;060512924
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VANAC/VANAC/Awards/V797P-4061BLn12.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>terri.reynolds@med.va.gov
<DESC>Contracting Officer
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>General Products Center (7FC)
<ZIP>76102
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334513
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Federal Supply Service (FSS), General Products Center (7FC), 819 Taylor Street Room 7A37, Fort Worth, TX, 76102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>66 -- FSC Group 66
<SOLNBR>7FCB-C4-07-0066-B
<CONTACT>Donna Peck, Contracting Officer, Phone (817) 574-2333, Fax (817) 574-2342, Email donna.peck@gsa.gov - Dana Hanley, contract specialist, Phone 817-574-2323, Fax 817-574-2342, Email dana.hanley@gsa.gov
<AWDNBR>GS-07F-0115UGS-07F-0114U
<AWDAMT>$125,000
<AWDDATE>120307
<LINENBR>66-133603-3603-566-14866-141
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>Choice Scientific
550M Ritchie Highway
Suite 122
Severna Park, MD 21146
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FSS/7FX/Awards/GS-07F-0115UGS-07F-0114ULn66-133603-3603-566-14866-141.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>General Products Center (7FC)
<ZIP>76102
<CLASSCOD>84
<NAICS>315999
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Federal Supply Service (FSS), General Products Center (7FC), 819 Taylor Street Room 7A37, Fort Worth, TX, 76102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>84 -- Schedule 084 Law Enforcement, Security, Marine Craft, Fire/Rescue and Special Purpose Clothing
<SOLNBR>7FCI-L3-03-0084-B
<CONTACT>Sharon Hair, Contracting Officer, Phone 817-574-2309, Fax 817-574-2689, Email sharon.hair@gsa.gov
<AWDNBR>GS-07F-0117U
<AWDAMT>2000000
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>246-42(3)
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>ICx Technologies, Inc.
2100 Crystal Drive, Suite 650
Arlington, VA  22202
Jeff Penny, 703.678.2123
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FSS/7FX/Awards/GS-07F-0117ULn246-42(3).html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-2 Rocky Mountain Region
<ZIP>80401
<CLASSCOD>81
<NAICS>326140
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-2 Rocky Mountain Region, 740 Simms Street Regional Office, Golden, CO, 80401, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>81 -- Styroblock Containers for Greenhouse Production
<SOLNBR>AG-65T0-S-08-0006
<CONTACT>Kimberly Tompkins, Purchasing Agent, Phone 308-432-0300, Fax 308-432-0309, Email ktompkins@fs.fed.us
<AWDNBR>AG-65T0-P-08-9081
<AWDAMT>$12,147.46
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>Stuewe and Sons, Inc
2290 SE Kiger Island Dr.
Corvallis, OR 97333
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FS/82X9/Awards/AG-65T0-P-08-9081.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Energy
<OFFICE>Federal Locations
<LOCATION>All DOE Federal Contracting Offices
<ZIP>20585
<CLASSCOD>34
<OFFADD>12155 W. Alameda Parkway Lakewood, CO
<SUBJECT>34--Metal Press
<SOLNBR>DE-RQ65-08WC77290
<CONTACT>Debora Kludt, Contracting Officer, 605-353-2641, kludt@wapa.gov;Debora Kludt, Contract Specialist, 605-353-2641, kludt@wapa.gov
<AWDNBR>DE-AF65-08WC77290
<AWDAMT>39979.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>Designed Metal Connections
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOE/PAM/HQ/Awards/DE-AF65-08WC77290.html
<DESC>Click here for further details regarding this notice.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>kludt@wapa.gov
<DESC>Debora Kludt, Contract Specialist
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Energy
<OFFICE>Federal Locations
<LOCATION>All DOE Federal Contracting Offices
<ZIP>20585
<CLASSCOD>99
<OFFADD>One West Third, Tulsa, OK
<SUBJECT>99--MISC MATERIAL PER LIST
<SOLNBR>DE-RQ75-08SW59233
<CONTACT>Linda L Dunham, Contracting Officer, 870-268-2500, linda.dunham@swpa.gov;Linda L Dunham, Contract Specialist, 870-268-2500, linda.dunham@swpa.gov
<AWDNBR>DE-AP7508SW59233
<AWDAMT>14,499.37
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>UTILITY ELECTRIC SUPPLY
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOE/PAM/HQ/Awards/DE-AP7508SW59233.html
<DESC>Click here for further details regarding this notice.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>linda.dunham@swpa.gov
<DESC>Linda L Dunham, Contract Specialist
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Energy
<OFFICE>Federal Locations
<LOCATION>All DOE Federal Contracting Offices
<ZIP>20585
<CLASSCOD>99
<OFFADD>One West Third, Tulsa, OK
<SUBJECT>99--MISC. MATERIALS
<SOLNBR>DE-RQ75-08SW59234
<CONTACT>Linda L Dunham, Contracting Officer, 870-268-2500, linda.dunham@swpa.gov;Linda L Dunham, Contract Specialist, 870-268-2500, linda.dunham@swpa.gov
<AWDNBR>DEAP7508SW59234
<AWDAMT>17,657.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>UTILITY ELECTRIC SUPPLY
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOE/PAM/HQ/Awards/DEAP7508SW59234.html
<DESC>Click here for further details regarding this notice.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>linda.dunham@swpa.gov
<DESC>Linda L Dunham, Contract Specialist
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Contracting Office/Otisville
<ZIP>10940
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334417
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR, Contracting Office/Otisville, P.O. Box 600 2 Mile Drive, Otisville, NY, 10940, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- CTR12129, CTR13643 Connectors
<SOLNBR>EP2408-08
<CONTACT>Staci Card, Contracting Officer, Phone 845-386-6851, Fax 845-386-6720, Email scard@central.unicor.gov
<AWDNBR>DJU4600003102
<AWDAMT>$719,500.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>001-002
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>MIDDLE CONNECTION
853 ALBRITTON AVE
SARASOTA, FL 34232-6722
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/FPI-UNICOR/OTV/Awards/DJU4600003102Ln001-002.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>45CONS (Bldg 423)
<ZIP>32925-3238
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541620
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Space Command, 45CONS (Bldg 423), 1201 Edward H White II St MS 7200, Patrick AFB, FL, 32925-3238, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- Ambient Atmospheric Analyzer
<SOLNBR>FA2521-07-R-0018
<CONTACT>Charlotte Luisi, Contracting Officer, Phone 321-494-4556, Fax 321-494-5403, Email charlotte.luisi@patrick.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA2521-08-C-8003
<AWDAMT>$1,392,599
<AWDDATE>120307
<LINENBR>X001-X005
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>YOCKE AND COMPANY
733 SAN MARIN DRIVE, SUITE 2115
NOVATO, CA 94945-1340
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFSC/45CONSb423/Awards/FA2521-08-C-8003LnX001-X005.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>96th Contracting Squadron (Eglin AFB)
<ZIP>32542-6862
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>333298
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, 96th Contracting Squadron (Eglin AFB), 96th Contracting Squadron 205 West D Ave., Suite 541, Eglin AFB, FL, 32542-6862, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>65 -- Purchase OptiFill Canisters
<SOLNBR>FA2823-08-P-6009
<CONTACT>Michael DeNamur, Contract Specialist, Phone 850-882-0339, Fax 850-882-1680, Email michael.denamur@eglin.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA2823-08-P-6009
<AWDAMT>$33,300.00
<AWDDATE>120307
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>AUTOMED TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
875 WOODLANDS PARKWAY
VERNON HILLS IL 60061
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/96thContractingSquadronEglin/Awards/FA2823-08-P-6009Ln0001.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Mobility Command
<LOCATION>62nd CONS
<ZIP>98438
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237310
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Mobility Command, 62nd CONS, 100 COL JOE JACKSON BLVD, SUITE 2001 P O BOX 4178, McChord AFB, WA, 98438, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- Replace/Repair Concrete on J Ramp
<SOLNBR>FA4479-07-R-0012
<CONTACT>Terry Seaverns, Contract Specialist/Contracting Officer, Phone (253) 982-1082, Fax (253) 982-3656, Email Terry.Seaverns@mcchord.af.mil - Richard Risso, Lead Contract Specialist, Phone (253) 982-3879, Fax (253) 982-3656, Email richard.risso@mcchord.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA44479-08-C-0002
<AWDAMT>$1607200
<AWDDATE>110207
<LINENBR>0001-0008
<ARCHDATE>05012008
<AWARDEE>Salinas Construction 
12912 Highway 99 South
Everett, WA 98204
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AMC/62CONS/Awards/FA44479-08-C-0002Ln0001-0008.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>3 CONS - Elmendorf
<ZIP>99506-2500
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Pacific Air Forces, 3 CONS - Elmendorf, 10480 22nd Street, Elmendorf AFB, AK, 99506-2500, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Y -- Construct Addition, Building 15364, Elmendorf AFB Alaska
<SOLNBR>FA5000-07-R-0017
<CONTACT>Jessica Rigby, Contracting Specialist, Phone 907-552-5362, Fax 9007-552-7497, Email jessica.rigby@elmendorf.af.mil - Michelle Jones, Contract Administrator, Phone 907-552-5731, Fax 907-552-7497, Email michelle.jones@elmendorf.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA5000-08-C-0001
<AWDAMT>$728,817.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>Winsor Construction, Inc. 18888 Andreanof Drive, Eagle River, AK 99577.  This was a sole source 8(a) set aside. Awarded with amendments 0001 thru 0005.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/PAF/3CS/Awards/FA5000-08-C-0001Ln0001.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>374 CONS - Yokota
<ZIP>96328-5228
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>484121
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Pacific Air Forces, 374 CONS - Yokota, Unit 5228, Yokota AB, APO Japan, ., 96328-5228, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>V -- Transportation of Aircraft Engines by Air-ride Vehicles
<SOLNBR>FA5209-0-AIREG
<CONTACT>Keiko Deguchi, Contract Specialist, Phone 81-45-552-3014, Fax 81-42-530-3319, Email keiko.deguchi.jp@yokota.af.mil - Maki Kodama, Contracting Officer, Phone 81-45-552-3014, Fax 81-42-530-3319, Email maki.kodama.jp@yokota.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA5209-08-A-0002
<AWDAMT>N/A (Per Pre-Priced List)
<AWDDATE>120107
<ARCHDATE>12162007
<AWARDEE>NIPPON EXPRESS CO., LTD. FA5209-08-A-0002
1-9-3, HIGASHI SHINBASHI
MINATO-KU, TOKYO  105-8322 JAPAN

MARUZEN SHOWA UNYU CO., LTD. FA5209-08-A-0003
1086, SHIMOKUZAWA
SAGAMIHARA-SHI
KANAGAWA-KEN  229-1134

SANKYU INC. FA5209-08-A-0004
6-5-23, KACHIDOKI
CHUO-KU, TOKYO  104-0054
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/PAF/374CONS/Awards/FA5209-08-A-0002.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting), 3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-3015, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- F100 Engine-Tube Assembly, Metal
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0478
<CONTACT>Antonino Lenora, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-734-8762, Fax 405-734-8776, Email antonino.lenora@tinker.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8104-08-M-0023
<AWDAMT>$30,005.00
<AWDDATE>112107
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12062007
<AWARDEE>E.A. PATTEN CO
303 Wetherell St.
Manchester CT 06040-6349
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/Awards/FA8104-08-M-0023Ln0001.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR STE 2AG1 109B; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145-3032
<SUBJECT>28--Engines, Turbines, and Components
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0558
<CONTACT>Chris L Jones, Phone 405-739-5497, Fax 405-734-8106, Email christopher.l.jones@tinker.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8104-08-C-0014
<AWDAMT>$210,269
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<AWARDEE>TWIGG CORPORATION,659 E YORK ST,MARTINSVILLE IN 46151-2549
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/Awards/FA8104-08-C-0014.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR STE 2AG1 109B; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145-3032
<SUBJECT>59--Electrical and Electronic Equipment Components
<SOLNBR>FA8104-08-Q-0031
<CONTACT>Tuyen  Diep, Phone 405-739-5501, Fax 405-734-8106, Email tuyen.diep@tinker.af.mil - Beth  Tyrrell, Phone 405-734-8102, Fax 405-734-8106, Email beth.tyrrell@tinker.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8104-08-M-0028
<AWDAMT>$16,037
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<AWARDEE>ABB INC.,843 N JEFFERSON ST,LEWISBURG WV 24901-9509
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/Awards/FA8104-08-M-0028.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 84 CSUG/PK;6050 GUM LANE BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056-5825
<SUBJECT>16--Aircraft Components and Accessories
<SOLNBR>FA8203-07-R-3026
<CONTACT>Kathryn M Goss, Phone 801-777-9346, Fax 801-777-5805, Email kathy.goss@hill.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8203-08-C-0010
<AWDAMT>$577,616
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<AWARDEE>ALRO MACHINE,TOOL AND DIE CO., INC,593 W HOFFMAN AVE,LINDENHURST NY 11757-4032
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/Awards/FA8203-08-C-0010.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>339991
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 84 CSUG/PK;6050 GUM LANE  BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056-5825
<SUBJECT>53--Hardware and Abrasives
<SOLNBR>FA8203-08-Q-70005
<CONTACT>Debbie  Allred, Phone 801-777-6501, Fax 801-777-5805, Email debbie.allred@hill.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8203-08-M-0040
<AWDAMT>$61,857
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<AWARDEE>INTERNATIONAL PRECISION INC,9526 VASSAR AVE,CHATSWORTH CA 91311-4141
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/Awards/FA8203-08-M-0040.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>13
<NAICS>325920
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 84 MUSG/PK;6050 GUM LANE BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056-5825
<SUBJECT>13--Ammunition and Explosives
<SOLNBR>FA8213-08-R-3000
<CONTACT>Brady  Jackson, Phone 801-777-8416, Fax 801-777-5840, Email brady.jackson@hill.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8213-08-C-0011
<AWDAMT>$333,623
<AWDDATE>112707
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<AWARDEE>SCOT, INCORPORATED,2525 CURTISS ST,DOWNERS GROVE IL 60515-4060
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/Awards/FA8213-08-C-0011.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>334515
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 84 SCSG/PK;6039 WARDLEIGH ROAD BLDG 1206; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056-5838
<SUBJECT>58--Communication, Detection, and Coherent Radiation Equipment
<SOLNBR>FA8217-07-R-66588
<CONTACT>Robert D Biscardi, Phone 801-586-3444, Fax 801-586-1287, Email robert.biscardi@hill.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8217-08-C-0002
<AWDAMT>$2,888,400
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<AWARDEE>AEROFLEX PLAINVIEW, INC,35 SOUTH SERVICE RD,PLAINVIEW NY 11803-4117
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/Awards/FA8217-08-C-0002.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>811219
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 84 SCSG/PK;6039 WARDLEIGH ROAD BLDG 1206; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056-5838
<SUBJECT>58--Communication, Detection, and Coherent Radiation Equipment
<SOLNBR>FA8217-08-Q-76056
<CONTACT>Keith S Stearns, Phone 801-777-7639, Fax 801-586-3366, Email keith.stearns1@hill.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8217-08-M-0018
<AWDAMT>$9,200
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<AWARDEE>U. S. DYNAMICS CORPORATION,425 BAYVIEW AVE,AMITYVILLE NY 11701-2693
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/Awards/FA8217-08-M-0018.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 518 CBSS PKMS;6050 GUM LANE BLDG 1215; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056-5825
<SUBJECT>15--Aircraft and Airframe Structural Components
<SOLNBR>FA8218-08-Q-73013
<CONTACT>Lance A Black, Phone 801-586-3414, Fax 801-777-0389, Email lance.black@hill.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8218-08-M-0008-P00002
<AWDAMT>$8,500
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<AWARDEE>QUALITY AVIATION INC,15042 WHITTRAM AVE,FONTANA CA 92335-3122
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/Awards/FA8218-08-M-0008-P00002.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>ND Field Office (8PMPN)
<ZIP>58102
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), ND Field Office (8PMPN), 657 2nd Avenue, N. Room 348, Fargo, ND, 58102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Y -- Assemble govt-furn pre-fab building
<SOLNBR>GS-08P-08-VJ-P-0004
<CONTACT>Pamela Burley, Contract Specialist, Phone (701) 239-5453, Fax (701) 239-5290, Email pam.burley@gsa.gov
<AWDNBR>GS-08P-08-VJ-P-0004
<AWDAMT>$30,587
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>C. Gladue Electric & Construction
PO Box 630
Belcourt, ND  58316
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/8PMPN/Awards/GS-08P-08-VJ-P-0004.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1208
<YEAR>05
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Property Development Division, Design & Construction Contracting Branch (10PCC)
<ZIP>98001-6599
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), Property Development Branch, Portfolio Procurement (10PDC), 400 15th Street SW, Auburn, WA, 98001-6599
<SUBJECT>Y -- Nakamura Courthouse Renovation
<SOLNBR>GS-10P-04-LTC-0033
<CONTACT>Patrick Brunner, Contracting Officer, Phone 253-931-7155, Fax 253-931-7395, Email pat.brunner@gsa.gov - Dawn Ashton, Contract Specialist, Phone 253-931-7784, Fax null, Email dawn.ashton@gsa.gov
<AWDNBR>GS-10P-06-LTC-3005
<AWDAMT>$317,124.00 Design Phase Services
<AWDDATE>120505
<LINENBR>0001 - Design Phase Services
<AWARDEE>M.A. Mortenson Company
14719 NE 29th Place
Bellevue, WA  98007
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/10PDC/Awards/GS-10P-06-LTC-3005Ln0001_-_Design_Phase_Services.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541513
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- DNMSS G/R NEC
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<CONTACT>Mark Youmans, Contracting Officer, Phone 618-229-9641, Fax 618-229-9177, Email Mark.Youmans@disa.mil - Trevor Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9234, Fax 618-229-9174, Email Trevor.Whitaker@disa.mil
<AWDNBR>HC1028-08-D-2000
<AWDAMT>Maximum Contract Value: $613,000,000
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>Computer Sciences Corporation
3160 Fairview Park Dr.
Falls Church, VA  20110
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/Awards/HC1028-08-D-2000.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Aircraft Repair & Supply Center
<ZIP>27909-5001
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer, USCG Aircraft Repair & Supply Center, HU25, HH65, H60J, C130, EISD, 130J or  ALD Support, Elizabeth City, NC, 27909-5001, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- Misc. Aircraft Spares
<SOLNBR>HSCG38-08-Q-200016
<CONTACT>David Allen, HH65 Purchasing Agent, Phone 2523356494, Fax 2523345240, Email David.W.Allen@uscg.mil - Gail Payne, HH65 Contract Specialist, Phone 252-335-6821, Fax 252-334-5240, Email Gail.F.Payne@uscg.mil
<AWDNBR>HSCG38-08-P-200120
<AWDAMT>$65,646.61
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>1-8
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>American Eurocopter, LLC
2701 Forum Drive
Grand Prairie, TX. 75052-7099
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/USCGARSC/Awards/HSCG38-08-P-200120Ln1-8.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany RCO
<ZIP>31704-3019
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>M67004 814 Radford Blvd  Albany, GA
<SUBJECT>59--Electrical and Electronic Equipment Components for the AN/TPS-59 radar set
<SOLNBR>M6700407Q0107 (Oral)
<CONTACT>Marietta Lane, Contract Specialist, 229-639-8086
<AWDNBR>M6700408C0007
<AWDAMT>$104,960.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>Lockheed Martin Corporation DBA MS2 (CAGE code 03538), 497 Electronics Pkwy #5# Bld, Liverpool, NY 13088
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/USMC/M67004/Awards/M6700408C0007Ln0001.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Millennium Challenge Corporation
<OFFICE>MCC
<LOCATION>Washington DC
<ZIP>20005
<CLASSCOD>Q
<NAICS>524114
<OFFADD>Millennium Challenge Corporation, MCC, Washington DC, 875 Fifteenth Street, N.W., Washington, DC, 20005, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Q -- Medical Assistance/Emergency Services
<SOLNBR>MCC-08-0014-RFQ-79
<CONTACT>Olena Evans, Contracting Specialist, Phone 202-521-3600, Fax 202-521-3947, Email evansoo@mcc.gov
<AWDNBR>MCC-08-0014-CON-79
<AWDAMT>$71,500.00
<AWDDATE>120107
<ARCHDATE>12162007
<AWARDEE>Global Rescue, LLC.
115 Broad Street
Suite 350
Boston, MA 02110-3032
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/MCC/MCCMCC/MCCMCC01/Awards/MCC-08-0014-CON-79.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Strategic Systems Programs
<LOCATION>SSP
<ZIP>22202-3930
<CLASSCOD>14
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Strategic Systems Programs, SSP, ATTN CODE SPN Strategic Systems Programs, Arlington, VA, 22202-3930, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>14 -- TRIDENT II (D-5) Missile Production and Deployed Systems Support
<SOLNBR>N00030-07-Q-0100
<CONTACT>CRIS BEVERIDGE, Contracting Officer, Phone 703-601-9455, Fax 703-601-9473, Email spn26@ssp.navy.mil
<AWDNBR>N00030-07-C-0100
<AWDAMT>$848,932,718
<AWDDATE>113007
<LINENBR>0001-0027
<ARCHDATE>12172007
<AWARDEE>Lockheed Martin Space Systems Company, Sunnyvale CA
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/SSP/SSP/Awards/N00030-07-C-0100Ln0001-0027.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>J--CAMERA,HEADS UP DIS, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
<SOLNBR>N0038307QJ546
<CONTACT>THOMAS F. KENDRA, 0225.04, PHONE (215)697-1383, FAX (215)697-3746, EMAIL THOMAS.KENDRA@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0038304G002A7123
<AWDAMT>$962,053
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>BAE SYSTEMS INFORMATION &, GREENLAWN, NY 11740
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/Awards/N0038304G002A7123.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>28
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>28--BLADE,COMPRESSOR RO
<SOLNBR>N0038307QM347
<CONTACT>ADAM M. HUBLEY, 0261.01, PHONE (215)697-2851, FAX (215)697-1388, EMAIL ADAM.HUBLEY@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0038307G003M5040
<AWDAMT>$457,476
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP, EAST HARTFORD, CT 06108-0968
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/Awards/N0038307G003M5040.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>16--LINER AND STUD ASSE
<SOLNBR>N0038308QF012
<CONTACT>DENNIS FRAZIER, 0234.15, PHONE (215)697-1487, FAX (215)697-1227, EMAIL DENNIS.FRAZIER@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0038306G006F3885
<AWDAMT>$350,865
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>SIKORSKY AIRCRAFT CORP, STRATFORD, CT 06615-9129
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/Awards/N0038306G006F3885.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC PUGET SOUND
<ZIP>98314-5000
<CLASSCOD>71
<NAICS>337127
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Supply Systems Command, FISC PUGET SOUND, 467 W STREET, BREMERTON, WA, 98314-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>71 -- BERTHING & MESSING
<SOLNBR>N00406-08-T-0079
<CONTACT>Dianne Grimes, Contract Specialist, Phone 360-476-2804, Fax 360-476-6479, Email dianne.grimes@navy.mil
<AWDNBR>N00406-08-P-0816
<AWDAMT>348,644.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>TRI-WAY INDUSTRIES INC
506 44TH STREET NW
AUBURN WA 98001
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00406/Awards/N00406-08-P-0816.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Facilities Engineering Command
<LOCATION>NAVFAC Southwest, Central Integrated Product Team
<ZIP>92132-5190
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>237110
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Facilities Engineering Command, NAVFAC Southwest, Central Integrated Product Team, Attn:  5C02 1220 Pacific Highway, San Diego, CA, 92132-5190, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Y -- Design Build, Las Pulgas Landfill Liner, Phase II, MCB Camp Pendleton, CA
<SOLNBR>N62473-07-R-6006
<CONTACT>Pamela King, Contract Specialist, Phone 619-532-4164, Fax 629-532-4743, Email pamela.king@navy.mil - Pam Pratt, Contracting Officer, Phone 619-532-2648, Fax 619-532-4160, Email pamela.d.pratt@navy.mil
<AWDNBR>N62473-08-C-3510
<AWDAMT>$9,226,000
<AWDDATE>112907
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12142007
<AWARDEE>Reyes Construction, Inc.
1383 S. Signal
Pomona, CA 91766
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVFAC/N68711A2/Awards/N62473-08-C-3510Ln0001.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst
<ZIP>08733-5083
<CLASSCOD>34
<NAICS>333513
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Air Systems Command, Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst, Contracts Department Hwy. 547    Attn:B562-3C, Lakehurst, NJ, 08733-5083, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>34 -- Hydraulic Replacement Tube Bender
<SOLNBR>N68335-07-R-0081
<CONTACT>Veronica Anderson, Contract Specialist, Phone 732-323-2800, Fax 732-323-2359, Email veronica.anderson@navy.mil - Francis Hufnell, Contracting Officer, Phone 732-323-2902, Fax 732-323-7440, Email francis.hufnell@navy.mil
<AWDNBR>N68335-08-D-0004
<AWDAMT>15,070,480.00
<AWDDATE>112707
<ARCHDATE>12122007
<AWARDEE>Tulip Corporation, DBA PHI
14955 E Salt Lake Ave 
City of Industry, CA 91746
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVAIR/N68335/Awards/N68335-08-D-0004.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>0921
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>Southwest Supply Center (7FL)
<ZIP>76102
<CLASSCOD>23
<NAICS>336112
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Federal Supply Service (FSS), Southwest Supply Center (7FL), 819 Taylor Street RM 6A00, Fort Worth, TX, 76102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>23 -- Low Speed Vehicle (LSV) Trucks and Cargo Vans
<SOLNBR>QSDACEB-Z4-07-2320
<CONTACT>Christopher Redmond, Contracting Officer, Phone 817-574-2579, Fax 817-574-2655, Email chris.redmond@gsa.gov - Lorene Clerihew, Contract Specialist, Phone 817 574-2541, Fax 817 978 7205, Email lorene.clerihew@gsa.gov
<AWDNBR>QSDACEB-Z4-07-2320
<AWDAMT>$6,776,001.00
<AWDDATE>092107
<AWARDEE>Mag International, Inc.
Fountain Valley, CA

Thank you to all vendors who submitted a proposal for consideration. Please forward all questions or comments to Christopher Redmond, Contracting Officer, at 817-574-2579 or via email, chris.redmond@gsa.gov.encourage continued interest on future GSA procurement opportunities.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FSS/7FL/Awards/QSDACEB-Z4-07-2320.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>Field Acquisition Office (FAO)
<ZIP>75051
<CLASSCOD>Q
<NAICS>621399
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons, Field Acquisition Office (FAO), U. S. Armed Forces Reserve Complex 346 Marine Forces Drive, Grand Prairie, TX, 75051, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Q -- Radiologic Technologist  Services- FCI Ashland, Kentucky
<SOLNBR>RFQ10202-0011-7
<CONTACT>Lori Wehling, Contract Specialist, Phone (972) 352-4525, Fax (972) 352-4545, Email lwehling@bop.gov
<AWDNBR>DJB10202006
<AWDAMT>$34,928.40 Estimated Maximum
<AWDDATE>120307
<LINENBR>Base
<ARCHDATE>12312007
<AWARDEE>AMG Healthcare Services, Inc., 4141 N. Miami Avenue., Suite 209-A, Miami, Florida 33127
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/70032/Awards/DJB10202006LnBase.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Direct Reporting Unit - Air Force District of Washington
<LOCATION>Acquisition Division AFDW/A7K
<ZIP>20032-0305
<CLASSCOD>Q
<NAICS>325413
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Direct Reporting Unit - Air Force District of Washington, Acquisition Division AFDW/A7K, 110 Luke Avenue (Bldg 5681) Suite 200, Bolling AFB, DC, 20032-0305, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Q -- Diagnostic Stago Coagulation Analyzer
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-F1D4527171A002
<CONTACT>Monica Ceaser, Contract Specialist, Phone 202-767-7940, Fax 202-767-7814, Email Monica.Ceaser.ctr@Bolling.Af.Mil
<AWDNBR>FA7014-08-P-0017
<AWDAMT>$60,706.68
<AWDDATE>112807
<ARCHDATE>12132007
<AWARDEE>DIAGNOSTICA STAGO, INC
5 CENTURY DR STE 1
PARSIPPANY, NJ  07054-4607
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFDW/11CONS/Awards/FA7014-08-P-0017.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker AFB - 72d Contracting Sq
<ZIP>73145-9106
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, Tinker AFB - 72d Contracting Sq, 72 CONS 7858 5th Street Ste 1, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-9106, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>J -- Maintain and Repair Fitness Equipment at Tinker AFB, OK
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-F3Y0AK7163A002
<CONTACT>Andy Gore, Contracting Officer, Phone (405)739-3517, Fax (405)739-7422, Email Andrew.Gore@tinker.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8101-08-M-0048
<AWDAMT>$36,000 est.
<AWDDATE>120507
<ARCHDATE>12202007
<AWARDEE>Crossroads Fitness LLC
16325 N Santa Fe Ste F #122
Edmond, OK  73145-8106
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCBC/Awards/FA8101-08-M-0048.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVAIR HQ
<ZIP>20670
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541990
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Air Systems Command, NAVAIR HQ, Building 2272 47123 Buse Road Unit IPT, Patuxent River, MD, 20670, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- CH-46 Technical and Engineering Specialists
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-N00019-07-P7-ZD318
<CONTACT>Julie Paul, Contract Specialist, Phone (301) 757-6570, Fax (301) 757-9039, Email Julie.Paul@navy.mil
<AWDNBR>N00019-05-G-0012-DO0025
<AWDAMT>$775,902
<AWDDATE>112907
<ARCHDATE>12142007
<AWARDEE>Boeing Aerospace Operations
8120 Mid America Blvd, Suite 300
Oklahoma City, OK 73135-6613
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVAIR/NAVAIRHQ/Awards/N00019-05-G-0012-DO0025.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Distribution Center
<ZIP>17070-5001
<CLASSCOD>W
<NAICS>532490
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Distribution Center, 2001 Mission Drive DDC CSS-AB, Bldg 404, New Cumberland, PA, 17070-5001, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>W -- FORKLIFT LEASE
<SOLNBR>SP3100-08-T-0018
<CONTACT>Julie Metzger, Contract Specialist, Phone 717 770-6243, Fax 717 770-7591, Email julie.metzger@dla.mil
<AWDNBR>SP3100-08-P-0176
<AWDAMT>$28,584.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>COASTAL MATERIAL HANDLING
5478 NANSEMOND PKWY
SUFFOLK, VA 23435-2115
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DDC/Awards/SP3100-08-P-0176.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Sioux Falls VAMROC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical and Regional Office Center
<ZIP>57105
<CLASSCOD>Q
<NAICS>621492
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;VA Medical & Regional Office Center;2501 W. 22nd St.;Sioux Falls SD  58102
<SUBJECT>Q--Chronic Dialysis Services
<SOLNBR>VA-263-07-RP-0026
<CONTACT>Barb Halstenson
<AWDNBR>VA263-P-0223
<AWDAMT>100,000.00
<AWDDATE>110907
<ARCHDATE>12092007
<AWARDEE>TOTAL RENAL CARE, INC.;15253 BAKE PKWY;IRVINE;CA;926182502
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/SFaVAMC/VAMCCO80220/Awards/VA263-P-0223.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>barb.halstenson@va.gov
<DESC>Contract Specialist
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Corporate Franchise Data Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Corporate Franchise Data Center
<ZIP>78772
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>721110
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Education SVC;1615 Woodward Street;Austin TX  78772
<SUBJECT>V--Conference Space Rental
<SOLNBR>VA-777-08-RP-0025
<CONTACT>Karla Nardi Contract Specialist/Event Manager 440.526.3030 X6641
<AWDNBR>VA777-P-0041
<AWDAMT>33,525.00
<AWDDATE>120307
<LINENBR>Part A=$33,525; B=Comp
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>IPROCSCHAUMBURG, LLC;50 MARTINGALE RD;SCHAUMBURG;IL;601732065
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VAAAC/VAAAC/Awards/VA777-P-0041LnPart_A=$33,525;_B=Comp.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>karla.nardi@va.gov
<DESC>POC email address
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Corporate Franchise Data Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Corporate Franchise Data Center
<ZIP>78772
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>721110
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Education SVC;1615 Woodward Street;Austin TX  78772
<SUBJECT>V--Conference Space Rental
<SOLNBR>VA-777-08-RP-0031
<CONTACT>Karla Nardi Contract Specialist/Event Manager 440.526.3030 X6641
<AWDNBR>VA777-P-0042
<AWDAMT>173,038.00
<AWDDATE>112707
<LINENBR>Part A=$161,038; B=$12,000
<ARCHDATE>12122007
<AWARDEE>MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC;4240 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DR;LA JOLLA;CA;920371407
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VAAAC/VAAAC/Awards/VA777-P-0042LnPart_A=$161,038;_B=$12,000.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>karla.nardi@va.gov
<DESC>POC email address
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<ZIP>61299-7630
<CLASSCOD>10
<NAICS>332994
<OFFADD>TACOM - Rock Island, ATTN:  AMSTA-AQ-AR, Rock Island Arsenal, Rock Island, IL  61299-7630
<SUBJECT>10--Award to GE Aviation Systems to support the AH-64A&D Apache Helicopter.  Repair contract.
<SOLNBR>W52H09-07-R-0210
<CONTACT>Shanna Smith, 309-782-3634
<AWDNBR>W52H09-08-C-0031
<AWDAMT>$312775
<AWDDATE>111907
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<AWARDEE>GE Aviation Systems 14100 Roosevelt Blvd. Clearwater, FL 33762-3805
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE20/Awards/W52H09-08-C-0031Ln0001AA.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>shanna.smith3@us.army.mil
<DESC>TACOM - Rock Island
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<ZIP>61299-7630
<CLASSCOD>42
<NAICS>332410
<OFFADD>TACOM - Rock Island, ATTN:  AMSTA-AQ-AR, Rock Island Arsenal, Rock Island, IL  61299-7630
<SUBJECT>42--Heater Coil NSN 4230-01-171-2542
<SOLNBR>W52H0908C0036
<CONTACT>nicole.kirchgesner, 309-782-0449
<AWDNBR>W52H09-08-C-0036
<AWDAMT>$402720
<AWDDATE>120307
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<AWARDEE>Award of 120 ea Heater Coil Assemblies under Urgency to JGB Industries. NSN 4230-01-171-2542 P/N: 26206-100.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE20/Awards/W52H09-08-C-0036Ln0001AA.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>nicole.kirchgesner@us.army.mil
<DESC>TACOM - Rock Island
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<ZIP>48397-5000
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541712
<OFFADD>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
<SUBJECT>A--RDTE/Other Research & Development-Basic Research
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08RHH01
<CONTACT>SALLY A. PETROUS,(586)753-2202 or MICHAEL L. CIONI,(586)574-7070
<AWDNBR>W56HZV08C0074
<AWDAMT>$69,441.99
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>BAKER ENGINEERING, INC.,17165 POWER DR.,NUNICA,MI,49448-9626
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE07/Awards/W56HZV08C0074Ln0001AA.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>SALLY.PETROUS@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC </EMAIL>
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>332722
<OFFADD>US ARMY AVIATION & MISSILE COMMAND, REDSTONE ARSENAL AL   35898-5280
<SUBJECT>53--Nuts and Washers
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ07R0561
<CONTACT>GEORGE OBIYOR,(256)876-9272 or CYNTHIA F HARGROVE,(256)876-9293
<AWDNBR>W58RGZ08C0061
<AWDAMT>$169,450.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>MCMELLON BROS INC,915 HONEYSPOT RD,STRATFORD,CT,06615-7192
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/Awards/W58RGZ08C0061Ln0001AA.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>GEORGE.OBIYOR@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>US ARMY AVIATION & MISSILE COMMAND </EMAIL>
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>US ARMY AVIATION & MISSILE COMMAND, REDSTONE ARSENAL AL   35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--Airframe Structural Components
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ07T0589
<CONTACT>NIEMA STOKES,(256)955-9299 or GARRY L. BILLER,(256)842-7602
<AWDNBR>W58RGZ08P0132
<AWDAMT>$42,400.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>U.S. PACKAGING SPECIALTIES, INC.,238 JEFFERSON ST,FALL RIVER,MA,02721-5230
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/Awards/W58RGZ08P0132Ln0001AA.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>NIEMA.STOKES@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>US ARMY AVIATION & MISSILE COMMAND </EMAIL>
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Letterkenny Army Depot
<ZIP>17201-4152
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>335313
<OFFADD>Letterkenny Army Depot,Directorate of Contracting, ATTN:  AMSAM-LE-KO, 1 Overcash Avenue, Bldg 2, Chambersburg, PA  17201-4152
<SUBJECT>59--Sensitive Switches
<SOLNBR>W911N2-08-R-0023
<CONTACT>sarah.tackling, 717-267-8959
<AWDNBR>W911N2-08-D-0014
<AWDAMT>$141300
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001-0003
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<AWARDEE>Peerless Electronics 700 Hicksville Road P.O. Box 9052 Bethpage, NY 11714-9052
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH17/Awards/W911N2-08-D-0014Ln0001-0003.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>sarah.tackling@us.army.mil
<DESC>Letterkenny Army Depot,Directorate of Contracting
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff
<ZIP>71602-9500
<CLASSCOD>42
<OFFADD>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff, ATTN:  AMSSB-ACP, 10020 Kabrich Circle, Pine Bluff, AR  71602-9500
<SUBJECT>42--Drinking Tube External, Washer Retainer Right, Washer Retainer Left, Voicemitter Retainer, Retainer Lens Right, Retainer Lens Left.
<SOLNBR>W911RP-07-R-0031
<CONTACT>Virginia House, 870-540-4091
<AWDNBR>W911RP-08-C-0002
<AWDAMT>$285800
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001, 0002, 0003, 0004, 0005
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<AWARDEE>ILC Dover LP, One Moonwalker Road, Frederica, DE  19946
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAD21/Awards/W911RP-08-C-0002Ln0001,_0002,_0003,_0004,_0005.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>ginger.house@us.army.mil
<DESC>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Pine Bluff
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Sierra Army Depot
<ZIP>96113-5009
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>TACOM - Sierra Army Depot, Building 74, Herlong, CA  96113-5009
<SUBJECT>J--Maintenance and Repair of Work Assist Vehicles
<SOLNBR>W912GY08T0005
<CONTACT>Pam Nondorf, 530-827-4542
<AWDNBR>W912GY08P0042
<AWDAMT>$62850
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001-4004
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<AWARDEE>AWT Services Inc, PO Box 1201, Athens OH.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAA12/Awards/W912GY08P0042Ln0001-4004.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>pam.nondorf@us.army.mil
<DESC>TACOM - Sierra Army Depot
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>US Army Corps of Engineers, Galveston District
<ZIP>77553-1229
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237990
<OFFADD>US Army Corps of Engineers, Galveston, 2000 Fort Point Road, PO Box 1229, Galveston, TX  77553-1229
<SUBJECT>Z--Sabine-Neches Waterway, Texas, Sabine Pass Outer Bar Channel in Jefferson County, Texas and Cameron Parish, Louisiana, Hopper Dredging.
<SOLNBR>W912HY-07-B-0023
<CONTACT>Lucille Smith, 409 766-3845
<AWDNBR>W912HY-08-C-0002
<AWDAMT>$2536250
<AWDDATE>113007
<LINENBR>Schedule No. 1
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<AWARDEE>B+B Dredging Company, 451 Dinwiddie Street, Portsmouth, Virginia 23704 (HZ/SB)
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA64/Awards/W912HY-08-C-0002LnSchedule_No._1.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>lucille.r.smith@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps of Engineers, Galveston
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Louisville
<ZIP>40201-0059
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>561210
<OFFADD>US Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville, 600 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Place, Room 821, Louisville, KY  40202-2230
<SUBJECT>S--Mowing and Maintenance Services at Cecil M. Harden Lake, Rockville, IN
<SOLNBR>W912QR-08-T-0001
<CONTACT>Sarah K Haag, 502-315-6174
<AWDNBR>W912QR-08-D-0003
<AWDAMT>$27736
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<AWARDEE>Rivers Resources LLC 2701 Enterprise Drive, Suite 202 Anderson, IN  46013
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA27/Awards/W912QR-08-D-0003Ln0001.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>sarah.k.haag@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen
<ZIP>21005-3013
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen, ATTN:  AMSSB-ACC-A, 4118 Susquehanna Avenue, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD  21005-3013
<SUBJECT>R--Test Support Services for the Aberdeen Test Center
<SOLNBR>W91CRB07R0029
<CONTACT>Gregory Wagenknecht, 410-278-0709
<AWDNBR>W91CRB08D0001
<AWDAMT>$91049188
<AWDDATE>120307
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<AWARDEE>JACOBS TECHNOLOGY, INC. 600 WILLIAM NORTHERN BLVD. P.O. BOX 884 TULLAHOMA, TN 37388
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAD05/Awards/W91CRB08D0001Ln0001.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>gregory.wagenknecht@us.army.mil
<DESC>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>SUPSHIP Newport News
<ZIP>23607-2787
<CLASSCOD>49
<OFFADD>Conversion And Repair, Usn, Newport News, , VA 23607
<SUBJECT>49--CROSS DRAFT PAINT BOOTH
<SOLNBR>YL01-C001
<CONTACT>Name: Glenn Erwine, Title: Supply Tech, Phone: 7576880906, Fax: 7576889577, Email: erwinegr@supship.navy.mil;
<AWDNBR>N62793-08-M-A023
<AWDAMT>$26,112.56
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>ALL
<ARCHDATE>05182008
<AWARDEE>METAL PREP CORPORATION   [DUNS: 003397247],1107 GREENSBORO ROAD ,HIGH POINT   NC 27260-2607
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/N62793/Awards/N62793-08-M-A023LnALL.html
<DESC>www.fedbid.com (b-58682_02, n-9912)
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Missiles)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>US ARMY AVIATION & MISSILE COMMAND, REDSTONE ARSENAL  AL 35898-5280
<SUBJECT>A--RDTE/Other Defense-Applied Research
<CONTACT>CELESTE HOGAN,(256)842-7583 or DEBORAH BLACKBURN,(256)842-7567
<AWDNBR>W31P4Q08C0068
<AWDAMT>$69,978.00
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0003
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>NANOLAB, INC,55 CHAPEL STREET,NEWTON,MA,02458-1060
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH01/Awards/W31P4Q08C0068Ln0003.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>CELESTE.HOGAN@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>US ARMY AVIATION & MISSILE COMMAND </EMAIL>
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Sustainment Command
<ZIP>61299-6500
<CLASSCOD>K
<NAICS>336411
<OFFADD>HQ ARMY SUSTAINMENT COMMAND, ROCK ISLAND, IL 61299-6500
<SUBJECT>K--Modification of Eq/Aircraft Comps & Accys
<CONTACT>MIKE WENDLAND,(309)782-3225 or MIKE WENDLAND,(309)782-3225
<AWDNBR>W52P1J07D00390004
<AWDAMT>$179,823.00
<AWDDATE>112807
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12132007
<AWARDEE>SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING SERVICES INC,4015 PULASKI PIKE NW,HUNTSVILLE,AL,35810-1901
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAA09/Awards/W52P1J07D00390004Ln0001AA.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>MIKE.WENDLAND@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>HQ ARMY SUSTAINMENT COMMAND </EMAIL>
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>84
<OFFADD>DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY, LOGISTICS OPERATIONS, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA - GENERAL & INDUSTRIAL, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19111-5096
<SUBJECT>84--MEDALS AND MEDAL SETS
<CONTACT>CYNTHIA ESPOSITO-PCPQDD2 PHONE: 737-5662 FAX: 215-737-5655
<AWDNBR>SPM1C108M1379
<AWDAMT>$78,500.00
<AWDDATE>112307
<ARCHDATE>12082007
<AWARDEE>IRA GREEN, INC.-7H062 IRA GREEN, INC. 177 GEORGIA AVE PROVIDENCE RI 02905-4422 US
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/Awards/SPM1C108M1379.html
<DESC>https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Awards/Awd.asp?cntr=SPM1C108M1379
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>CYNTHIA.ESPOSITO@DLA.MIL
<DESC>CYNTHIA.ESPOSITO@DLA.MIL
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>56
<OFFADD>DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY, LOGISTICS OPERATIONS, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA - GENERAL & INDUSTRIAL, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19111-5096
<SUBJECT>56--INSULATION SLEEVING (TUBING - FIBERGLASS 3-PLY,
<CONTACT>CHRISTOPHER TULL-PEPCBEE PHONE: 737-7831 FAX: 215-737-5149
<AWDNBR>SPM8E608M1018
<AWDAMT>$27,455.85
<AWDDATE>120507
<ARCHDATE>12202007
<AWARDEE>KAMPI COMPONENTS CO INC-7Z016 KAMPI COMPONENTS CO INC 88 CANAL RD FAIRLESS HILLS PA 19030-4302 US
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/Awards/SPM8E608M1018.html
<DESC>https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Awards/Awd.asp?cntr=SPM8E608M1018
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>CHRISTOPHER.TULL@DLA.MIL
<DESC>CHRISTOPHER.TULL@DLA.MIL
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>93
<OFFADD>DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY, LOGISTICS OPERATIONS, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA - GENERAL & INDUSTRIAL, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19111-5096
<SUBJECT>93--PLASTIC SHEET
<CONTACT>C+E ADMINISTRATOR-PEPADMN PHONE: 737-2372
<AWDNBR>SPM8E908M1211
<AWDAMT>$67,890.30
<AWDDATE>120507
<ARCHDATE>12202007
<AWARDEE>NORTHEAST PLASTIC SUPPLY CO INC-1PSX6 NORTHEAST PLASTIC SUPPLY CO INC 3021 DARNELL RD PHILADELPHIA PA 19154-3201 US
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/Awards/SPM8E908M1211.html
<DESC>https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Awards/Awd.asp?cntr=SPM8E908M1211
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>DSCPC&EPOSTAWARDMAILBOX@DLA.MIL
<DESC>DSCPC&EPOSTAWARDMAILBOX@DLA.MIL
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<ZIP>48397-5000
<CLASSCOD>23
<NAICS>336212
<OFFADD>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC, WARREN, MICHIGAN 48397-5000
<SUBJECT>23--Trailers
<CONTACT>BERTRUM SCOTT,(586)574-6232 or GREGORY M. DIXON,(586)574-6873
<AWDNBR>W56HZV04D00930029
<AWDAMT>$1,871,993.42
<AWDDATE>120307
<LINENBR>0024AA
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>SILVER EAGLE MANUFACTURING COMPANY,5825 NE SKYPORT WAY,PORTLAND,OR,97218-1249
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE07/Awards/W56HZV04D00930029Ln0024AA.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>BERTRAM.REYNARD.SCOTT@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>U.S. ARMY TACOM LCMC </EMAIL>
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<ZIP>61299-7630
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>332710
<OFFADD>TACOM-ROCK ISLAND, ROCK ISLAND IL  61299-7630
<SUBJECT>53--Screws
<CONTACT>SHERI GROSS,(309)782-4857 or CEAN L HARTLEBEN,(309)782-3429
<AWDNBR>W52H0905D00740012
<AWDAMT>$358,695.31
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>LYNX MACHINE TOOL CORP,26 NORTH LAKE STREET,BERGEN,NY,14416-9441
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE20/Awards/W52H0905D00740012Ln0001AA.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>SHERI.GROSS@US.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>TACOM-ROCK ISLAND </EMAIL>
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<ZIP>17050-0788
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CTRL POINT-MECH, 5450 CARLISLE PIKE, P O BOX 2020, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055-0788
<SUBJECT>J--CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB- AND SIMILAR REPLACEMENT PARTS, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
<CONTACT>BOB HESS, 0212.5, PHONE (717)605-4061, FAX (717)605-3652, EMAIL ROBERT.HESS@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0010405GA6025104
<AWDAMT>$85,500
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION, EAGAN, MN 55121-2035
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N000104/Awards/N0010405GA6025104.html
<DESC>BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<ZIP>17050-0788
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CTRL POINT-MECH, 5450 CARLISLE PIKE, P O BOX 2020, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055-0788
<SUBJECT>J--CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB- AND SIMILAR REPLACEMENT PARTS, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
<CONTACT>BOB HESS, 0212.5, PHONE (717)605-4061, FAX (717)605-3652, EMAIL ROBERT.HESS@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0010405GA6025117
<AWDAMT>$40,000
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION, EAGAN, MN 55121-2035
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N000104/Awards/N0010405GA6025117.html
<DESC>BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<ZIP>17050-0788
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CTRL POINT-MECH, 5450 CARLISLE PIKE, P O BOX 2020, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055-0788
<SUBJECT>J--CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB - AND OTHER REPLACEMENT PARTS, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
<CONTACT>BOB HESS, 0212.5, PHONE (717)605-4061, FAX (717)605-3652, EMAIL ROBERT.HESS@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0010405GA6025115
<AWDAMT>$416,751
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION, EAGAN, MN 55121-2035
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N000104/Awards/N0010405GA6025115.html
<DESC>BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<ZIP>17050-0788
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CTRL POINT-MECH, 5450 CARLISLE PIKE, P O BOX 2020, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055-0788
<SUBJECT>J--SENSOR ASSY, NIGHT, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
<CONTACT>SALVATORE E. VOTER, 0213.14, PHONE (717)605-1201, FAX (717)605-7317, EMAIL SALVATORE.VOTER@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0010404GA3085043
<AWDAMT>$27,896
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>BALL AEROSPACE & TECHNOLOGIES, WESTMINSTER, CO 80021-3682
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N000104/Awards/N0010404GA3085043.html
<DESC>BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<ZIP>17050-0788
<CLASSCOD>53
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CTRL POINT-MECH, 5450 CARLISLE PIKE, P O BOX 2020, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055-0788
<SUBJECT>53--NUT,SELF-LOCKING,BA
<CONTACT>BOYD B. BRANDT, 0211.4, PHONE (717)605-2982, FAX (717)605-2612, EMAIL BOYD.BRANDT@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0010403DZD015163
<AWDAMT>$97,375
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>QUALIFIED FASTENERS INC, WEST BABYLON, NY 11704-1406
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N000104/Awards/N0010403DZD015163.html
<DESC>BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<ZIP>17050-0788
<CLASSCOD>70
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CTRL POINT-MECH, 5450 CARLISLE PIKE, P O BOX 2020, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055-0788
<SUBJECT>70--DISPLAY UNIT
<CONTACT>JENNIFER MORRISON, 0212.13, PHONE (717)605-1705, FAX (717)605-1759, EMAIL JENNIFER.MORRISON@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0010408VDC38
<AWDAMT>$31,990
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>INTERMED VIDEO TECHNOLOGIES INC, NEWTOWN, CT 06470-1607
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N000104/Awards/N0010408VDC38.html
<DESC>BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<ZIP>17050-0788
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CTRL POINT-MECH, 5450 CARLISLE PIKE, P O BOX 2020, MECHANICSBURG, PA 17055-0788
<SUBJECT>J--CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
<CONTACT>AMY E. PUCHALSKY, 0212.9, PHONE (717)605-6436, FAX (717)605-1759, EMAIL AMY.PUCHALSKY@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0010408PDC19
<AWDAMT>$57,456
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>HARRIS CORP, PALM BAY, FL 32905-3399
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N000104/Awards/N0010408PDC19.html
<DESC>BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>53
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>53--NUT,SELF-LOCKING,HE
<CONTACT>CAITRIN L. MURPHY, 0225.05, PHONE (215)697-9983, FAX (215)697-3746, EMAIL CAITRIN.MURPHY@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0038308G001J5047
<AWDAMT>$43,318
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>HAMILTON SUNDSTRAND CORP, SAN DIEGO, CA 92186-5757
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/Awards/N0038308G001J5047.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING,BALL,ANNULA
<CONTACT>CAITRIN L. MURPHY, 0225.05, PHONE (215)697-9983, FAX (215)697-3746, EMAIL CAITRIN.MURPHY@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0038308G001J5051
<AWDAMT>$37,753
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>HAMILTON SUNDSTRAND CORP, SAN DIEGO, CA 92186-5757
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/Awards/N0038308G001J5051.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<ZIP>19111-5098
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT, PHILADELPHIA, 700 ROBBINS AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111-5098
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING,ROLLER,CYLI
<CONTACT>CAITRIN L. MURPHY, 0225.05, PHONE (215)697-9983, FAX (215)697-3746, EMAIL CAITRIN.MURPHY@NAVY.MIL
<AWDNBR>N0038308G001J5054
<AWDAMT>$64,821
<AWDDATE>120307
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<AWARDEE>HAMILTON SUNDSTRAND CORP, SAN DIEGO, CA 92186-5757
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSUP/N00383/Awards/N0038308G001J5054.html
<DESC>NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1004
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>374 CONS - Yokota
<ZIP>96328-5228
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>532411
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Pacific Air Forces, 374 CONS - Yokota, Unit 5228, Yokota AB, APO Japan, ., 96328-5228
<SUBJECT>V -- Leasing Railway Tank Cars (35 metric ton cars/90 each)
<CONTACT>Misuzu Sugiyama, Contract Specialist, Phone 81-42-551-6120, Fax 81-42-551-0973, Email misuzu.sugiyama.jp@yokota.af.mil - Donna  Kimball, Contracting Officer, Phone 81-42-551-6120, Fax 81-42-551-0973, Email donna.kimball@yokota.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA5209-07-P-0034
<AWDAMT>$1,078,121.74 for Basic/$727,826.09 for Option One
<AWDDATE>100106
<LINENBR>0001 and 1001
<AWARDEE>Nippon Riku-Un Sangyo Co., Ltd.
Rokubancho 5, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, Japan
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/PAF/374CONS/Awards/FA5209-07-P-0034Ln0001_and_1001.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Johnson Space Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>77058-3696
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>561730
<OFFADD>NASA/Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, Houston Texas, 77058-3696, Mail Code: BJ
<SUBJECT>S--GROUNDS MAINTENANCE SERVICES FOR NASA, JOHNSON SPACE CENTER
<CONTACT>Cody  Corley, Contracting Officer, Phone 281-483-3147, Fax 281-244-6102, Email cody.corley-1@nasa.gov - Keshia L. Guinn, Contract Specialist, Phone 281-483-4177, Fax 281-483-4173, Email keshia.l.guinn@nasa.gov
<AWDNBR>NNJ08JA03C
<AWDAMT>2422366
<AWDDATE>110707
<ARCHDATE>12072007
<AWARDEE>ProDyn EPES, LLC,  516 N Charles Street Suite 305, Baltimore, MD  21201
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/JSC/OPDC20220/Awards/NNJ08JA03C.html
<DESC>Johnson Space Center Procurement Synopses of Contract Awards Page </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>cody.corley-1@nasa.gov
<DESC>Cody  Corley </EMAIL>
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>J
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; 3001 STAFF DR STE 1AC4 97E; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145-3020
<SUBJECT>J--Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment
<CONTACT>Gary  Lindley, Phone 405-739-4349, Fax 000-000-0000, Email gary.lindley@tinker.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA8103-07-D-0118-0002
<AWDAMT>$36,120
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<AWARDEE>TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT GROUP, INC,41901 WOLVERINE RD,SHAWNEE OK 74804-9097
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/Awards/FA8103-07-D-0118-0002.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>ASC - Aeronautical Systems Center
<ZIP>45433-7218
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>USAF/AFMC, AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS CENTER, BUILDING 553, 2725 C STREET, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OH 45433-7424
<SUBJECT>28--CY08 CTF Option Exercise
<CONTACT>CHRIS  FITZGERALD, Contracting Negotiator, Phone 937-904-5314 x, Email christine.fitzgerald@wpafb.af.mil; KATHLEEN M RASMUSSEN, Contracting Officer, Phone (937) 904-5356 x, Email kathleen.rasmussen@wpafb.af.mil
<AWDNBR>FA861105C2851P00030
<AWDAMT>15033095
<AWDDATE>113007
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, PRATT & WHITNEY 400 MAIN ST, EAST HARTFORD CT 06108-0968
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/ASC/Awards/FA861105C2851P00030.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>NB CB Richard Ellis
<ZIP>22102
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531120
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), NB CB Richard Ellis, 8444 Westpark Drive, Suite 320, McLean, VA, 22102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- Office Space in Fargo, South Dakota
<CONTACT>Donna Shores, Project Administrator, Phone 703-852-6214, Fax 703-852-6210, Email donna.shores@cbre.com
<AWDNBR>LND14214
<AWDAMT>$3,004,035
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>Ms. Lori Ibach
Goldmark Schlossman
Commercial Real Estate Services, Inc.
Corporate Office
1707 Gold Drive, Suite 200
Fargo, ND 58108-3024
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/NBTC/Awards/LND14214.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>Management Services Center (10FT)
<ZIP>98001
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Federal Supply Service (FSS), Management Services Center (10FT), 400 15th Street, SW,, Auburn, WA, 98001, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Schedule 871 Award - Professional Engineering Services(PES)
<CONTACT>PES Schedule, Branch, Phone 253-931-7083, Fax null, Email felicia.cannon@gsa.gov - PES Schedule, Branch, Phone 253-931-7083, Fax null, Email felicia.cannon@gsa.gov
<AWDNBR>GS-10F-0058U
<AWDAMT>$750,000
<AWDDATE>120407
<LINENBR>871-1-3-6(EE)871-1RC-3RC-6RC
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>Spectrum Comm Inc., 7 West Queens Way, Hampton, VA 23669-4011
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FSS/10FT/Awards/GS-10F-0058ULn871-1-3-6(EE)871-1RC-3RC-6RC.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<AWARD>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>NB CB Richard Ellis
<ZIP>22102
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531120
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Public Buildings Service (PBS), NB CB Richard Ellis, 8444 Westpark Drive, Suite 320, McLean, VA, 22102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- Office Space in Fargo, North Dakota
<CONTACT>Donna Shores, Project Administrator, Phone 703-852-6214, Fax 703-852-6210, Email donna.shores@cbre.com
<AWDNBR>LND14214A
<AWDAMT>$3,004,035
<AWDDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>12192007
<AWARDEE>Ms. Lori Ibach 
Goldmark Schlossman Commercial Real Estate Service, Inc. 
Corporate Office 
1707 Gold Drive, Suite 200
Fargo, ND  58108-3024
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/PBS/NBTC/Awards/LND14214A.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AWARD>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Transportation
<OFFICE>Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
<LOCATION>Western-Pacific Region
<ZIP>90009
<CLASSCOD>99
<OFFADD>FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION, AWP-52 Western Pacific Region (AWP)
<SUBJECT>99--CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT FOR INSTALLATION OF CHAIN LINK FENCES AT RIVERSIDE AND BURBANK ATCTs
<SOLNBR>DTFAWP-08-R-00603
<RESPDATE>122007
<CONTACT>Michael Waite, (310) 725-7560
<DESC>Please send all requests and/or correspondence to Mr. Derrick A. Gregory at: Derrick.CTR.Gregory@FAA.Gov.  DO NOT CALL or SEND requests to Mr. Michael Waite. Sir Description: The Federal Aviation Administration Western-Pacific Region; Hereby announces its intention to solicit a request for Offers (RFO).  Awards resulting from the (RFO) will be based on best value to the FAA giving consideration to: (1) Total cost to the FAA, and (2) Offeror's past performance and experience with the same similar work.  The successful offeror shall furnish all necessary labor, equipment, materials, supplies, tools, and supervision necessary in the performance of Installing Chain Link Fences at Burbank Air Traffic Control Tower (ATCT) and Riverside Air Traffic Control Tower (ATCT).   Note: All Vendors that reply to the announcement must be registered in Central Contractors Registration (CCR) in order to do Business with the FAA: WWW.CCR.GOV.  Solicitation will only be issued to the first (10) ten Vendors that reply to the announcement by the closing date.  Both sites will be awarded to one Vendor.  Therefore multiple awards will not be made. The Project Consist of the Construction and installation of new 790 linear feet of chain link perimeter fence at Riverside (ATCT).  This specification, together with the reference specifications, standards and drawings specified in the Contract Documents, covers the requirements for all work associated with installation of perimeter fence CCTV Camera, Access Control System, at FAA Control Tower Facility, Riverside, CA.  The contractor must Furnish all labor, material and equipment in strict accordance with these specifications and drawings, and all materials not specifically listed on the Government-Furnished Property list. The Burbank (ATCT) Project Consist of removal of existing fence and installation of new 11-feet (10' fence plus 1' barbed wires) chain link perimeter fence and gates.  This project includes installation of (2) two perimeter gates and (2) two vehicle-sliding gates with gate operators around Burbank (ATCT) property located in the City of Burbank, CA.  In addition, project includes installation of a 1-feet transformer gate.  The work consists of  site preparation, utilities and grounding conductors.  Project also includes installation and in operation of an Intercom unit and CCTV Camera to the existing system.  In addition, project includes resurfacing the parking lot within perimeter fence. The FAA will evaluate offers in response to this solicitation and will award a contract to the responsible offeror whose offer, conforming to the solicitation, provides the "Best" value to the FAA.  The award criteria will be clearly defined in the solicitation.  The Solicitation for this project will not be issued until closing date of this announcement.   The National American Industry Classification System code for this project 238990.  Responses to this SIR will be accepted through, December 29th, 2007.  Solicitation request must IDENTIFY THE SOLICITATION NUMBER AND MUST BE REQUESTED VIA FACSIMILE OR EMAIL AT, FAX: (310) 725-6842 or in writing Derrick.CTR.Gregory@FAA.Gov.  Please direct all requests to the FAA Contracting Rep. Mr. Derrick Gregory.  VERBAL OR TELEPHONIC REQUESTS WILL NOT BE HONORNED.  The Solicitation for this project will be issued on or about January 7th, 2008.  The FAA may make an award without communications, or negotiations may be conducted to determine the best value to the FAA. Delivery Period: 140 days NAICS: 238990 Dollar Range: $100,000 to $250,000 Closing Date: December 25th, 2007 Contracting Officer:  Alice C. Harris Contracting Rep:  Derrick Gregory
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOT/FAA/WPR/DTFAWP-08-R-00603/listing.html
<DESC>FAA Contract Opportunities
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>mike.waite@faa.gov
<DESC>mike.waite@faa.gov
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>ASC - Aeronautical Systems Center
<ZIP>45433-7218
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>333618
<OFFADD>1822 Van Patton Dr Wright Patterson AFB, OH
<SUBJECT>29--Egyptian Air Force C-130 Engine Compressor Vane Refurbishment Program
<SOLNBR>FA8630-08-R-5008
<RESPDATE>122707
<ARCHDATE>01042008
<CONTACT>Debra Graves, 937 904-2541
<DESC>Egyptian Air Force C-130 Engine Compressor Vane Refurbishment Program This is a SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS.  THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT  THIS TIME.  ANY REQUESTS FOR A SOLICIATION WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE.  This sources sought synopsis is in support of market research being  conducted by the United States Air Force (USAF), through the Air Force  Security Assistance Center (AFSAC), Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, OH  45433-5337 to identify potential business sources interested in  refurbishing C-130 Engine Compressor Vanes for the Egyptian Air Force  (EAF). The AFSAC is seeking qualified, interested sources to set up a  refurbishment program for EAF owned C-130 engine compressor vanes, as an  alternative to the purchase of new compressor vanes. Seventy-five kits,  each kit will comprise 14 National Stock Numbers (NSNs) / Part Numbers  (P/Ns): Compressor Vane Stages 1 through 13, with a total of 27 vanes per  kit (2 each for Stages 1 ? 12; one each for Stage 13).  The compressor  vanes desired are Ni-CAD plated. Qualified contractors must have the technical expertise and engineering  proficiency to accomplish reliably the refurbishment process, to meet  delivery schedules and production volume, must be able to provide  technical-related data for comparison regarding the refurbished vanes  versus brand new ones: expected lifetime, potential risks or vulnerabilies  and cost. Contractors responding to this Sources Sought Synopsis shall submit the  following information electronically no later than 27 Dec 2007, 4:30 EST  to   debra.graves@wpafb.af.mil. Reponses must include the following:  name  and address of the firm, capabilities related to the task areas noted  above, size of business, average annual revenue for the past 3 years and  number of employees, whether they are large, small, small disadvantaged,  8(a), HubZone, and/or woman-owned, number of years in business, affiliate  information, parent company, joint venture partners, list of customers  covering the past five years (highlight relevant work performed, contract  numbers, contract type, dollar value of each procurement, and point of  contract) and a capability statement for the accomplishment of need as  outlined above. The page limitation for this submission is ten (10) pages. Any information submitted by respondents to this synopsis is strictly  voluntary.  The Government will not reimburse the respondents for any  costs associated with their responses.  This Sources Sought Synopsis does  not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or an Invitation for Bids  (IFB), nor does its issuance restrict the Government as to its ultimate  acquisition approach.  The Government reserves the right to contact the  submitting parties on an as required basis for further clarification of  the information provided.  The Government will use its evaluation of the  information provided and other research to determine the sources that  appear qualified to perform the work required by the Government. Points of Contract:  Debra Graves, Contract Negotiator, (937) 904-2541,  e-mail debra.graves@wpafb.af.mil and Matthew Williams, Program Support  Manager, (937) 904-0822, email matthew.williams@wpafb.af.mil. For more information on "Egyptian Air Force C-130 Engine Compressor Vane  Refurbishment Program", please refer to:  https://www.pixs.wpafb.af.mil/pixs_solicitation.asp?id=5485
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/ASC/FA8630-08-R-5008/listing.html
<DESC>Egyptian Air Force C-130 Engine Compressor Vane Refurbishment Program
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>debra.graves@wpafb.af.mil;matthew.williams@wpafb.af.mil
<DESC>debra.graves@wpafb.af.mil;matthew.williams@wpafb.af.mil
<SETASIDE>N/A
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Civil Engineering Unit Miami
<ZIP>33177-1630
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer, USCG Civil Engineering Unit Miami, 15608 SW 117th Avenue, Miami, FL, 33177-1630, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- WATERFRONT AND ALL PURPOSE BLDGS HVAC SYSTEMS REHABILITATION AT USCG STATION SOUTH PADRE ISLAND, TEXAS
<SOLNBR>HSCG82-08-B-3WCA20
<RESPDATE>121907
<CONTACT>Deborah Boydston, Contract Specialist, Phone 305-278-6718, Fax 305-278-6696, Email deborah.j.boydston@uscg.mil
<DESC>Provide all labor, tools, materials, and equipment to remove all of the existing HVAC cooling and heating systems serving each building in a phased approach.  Provide new HVAC cooling and heating systems to serve each building in a phased approach.  Provide limited reproofing and re-insulation work for the Waterfront Building.  Provide companion limited architectural, structural and electrical work for both buildings as follows located at U.S. Coast Guard Station South Padre Island, TX. Estimated construction price range is $500,000 and $1,000,000.  Performance period is 120 calendar days. Bid, payment and performance bonds are required. The solicitation in its entirety and any amendments will be available at no charge online at http://www.fbo.gov under the above solicitation number. The applicable North American Industry Class System (NAICS) 2002 code is 236220. The small business size standard is a three-year averaged annual gross receipt of $31.0 million. This action is being considered for 100 percent set-aside for HUBZone small business concerns. Interested HUBZone small business concerns should indicate their interest to the Contracting Officer, in writing, as early as possible but to be received not later than 15 calendar days of this notice. As a minimum, the following information is required:  (a) a copy of the certificate issued by the SBA of your qualifications as a HUBZone concern, (b) a positive statement of your intention to submit an offer for this solicitation as a prime contractor,  (c) evidence of experience in work similar in type and scope to include contract numbers, project titles, dollar amounts, and points of contacts and telephone numbers and  (d) provide evidence of bonding capability to the maximum magnitude of the project, to include both single and aggregate totals.   All information must be submitted in sufficient detail for a decision to be made on availability of interested HUBZone concerns.  Failure to submit all information requested will result in a contractor not being considered as an interested HUBZone concern.  If adequate interest is not received from HUBZone concerns by close of business 15 calendar days from the date of this notice, this solicitation will be issued as a Total Small Business Set-Aside without further notice.  To receive immediate notification of all changes and future notices posted electronically for this project, vendors should click on [Register to Receive Notification].
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/USCGCEUM/HSCG82-08-B-3WCA20/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>US COAST GUARD STATION SOUTH PADRE ISLAND, SOUTH PADRE ISLAND, TX
<POPZIP>78597
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Library of Congress
<OFFICE>Contracts Services
<LOCATION>Contracts Section
<ZIP>20540-9411
<CLASSCOD>B
<NAICS>519190
<OFFADD>Library of Congress, Contracts Services, Contracts Section, 101 Independence Ave SE LA-325, Washington, DC, 20540-9411, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>B -- RFI - Cooperative Aquisitions Programs Systems (CAPS)
<SOLNBR>LC08-LSB20080024
<RESPDATE>011408
<ARCHDATE>01292008
<CONTACT>Arneen Dozier, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-707-0406, Fax 202-707-8611, Email adoz@loc.gov - Jackie Johnson Jr., Contracting Officer, Phone 202-707-3532, Fax 202-707-8611, Email jjohn@loc.gov
<DESC>The Library of Congress seeks information from potential respondents as to their interest and/or capability to develop a computer system or adapt an existing computer system to support the work of its overseas office under the Cooperative Acquisitions Program (CAP).  The site will be at the Library?s Office in New Delhi, India.  If you are interest in this information or unable to open the attached PDF file, please contact me via email no later than December 14, 2007.  All interest response shall submit request electronically by 2PM eastern time on January 11, 2008 to Arneen Dozier, Contract Specialists at adoz@loc.gov.  NO PHONE CALL.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/LOC/CS/CS1/LC08-LSB20080024/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>The Library of Congress
Overseas Operations
101 Independence Ave., SE
Washington, DC
<POPZIP>20540
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune - RCO
<ZIP>28547-8368
<CLASSCOD>66
<OFFADD>M67001    Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, NC
<SUBJECT>66--Global Positioning System (GPS) Tracking Devices
<SOLNBR>M000000000001
<RESPDATE>121007
<CONTACT>Major Ken Burger (910) 451-3478 kenneth.burger@usmc.mil
<DESC>U.S. Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command (MARSOC) is issuing this sources sought notice as part of its market research to identify potential sources of supply who can furnish GPS tracking devices in support of its Marine Special Operations School (MSOS).  MSOS requires GPS tracking devices to monitor those candidates participating in their Assessment and Selection (A&S) Course. Candidates participating in the course are required to conduct physical activities such as land navigation and force marches unsupervised, and is some cases could be as far away as six kilometers from instructor aid and support personnel.  The GPS tracking device is an essential tool which will be used as a notification system in the event someone is lost or injured and will be used to compile data on a candidate?s performance (speed, distance, path the individual traveled, etc.).  All interested sources are encouraged to submit company and product literature (to include pricing), and!   any other pertinent information for the Government?s consideration.  Information should include point of contact, address, telephone and fax numbers, email address, duns number, cage code and or tax ID number, as well as size category (large, small, small disadvantaged, etc.).  The Government is looking for a commercial product that at a minimum meets the requirements as outlined in the attached word document labeled GPS tracking device.  This sources sought notice does not constitute an Invitation for Bid (IFB), a Request for Quote (RFQ), or a Request for Proposal (RFP) and it should not be construed as a commitment of any kind by the government to issue a formal solicitation or ultimately award a contract. The U.S. Government is in no way liable to pay for or reimburse any companies or entities that respond to this announcement. All information marked as proprietary information will be safeguarded to prevent disclosures to non-government personnel and entities. The NAICS!   for this effort is 334220.  Interested vendors should provide informa tion via email to:  Maj Ken Burger, (910) 451-3478, email kenneth.burger@usmc.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/USMC/M67001/M000000000001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Systems Command
<ZIP>22134-5010
<CLASSCOD>84
<OFFADD>M67854     Quantico, VA
<SUBJECT>84--Plate Carrier
<SOLNBR>M6785408I3004
<RESPDATE>011508
<CONTACT>Ms. S. Leigh D'Lugos Phone: 703-432-3187 Cell: 540-455-8037 Email: susan.dlugos.ctr@usmc.mil
<DESC>SOURCES SOUGHT DESCRIPTION MARKET RESEARCH. NO SOLICITATION DOCUMENT EXISTS.The Marine Corps Systems Command (MARCORSYSCOM) is conducting market research for potential sources and best practice information towards designing, developing, and buying a Plate Carrier for Enhanced Small Arms Protective Inserts (SAPI) to provide torso direct fire ballistic protection with integrated and scalable load-carrying capabilities for individual Marines. The SAPI (the currently fielded E-SAPI and future X-SAPI plates) consist of interchangeable plates that are inserted into the front and back of a Marine?s Modular Tactical Vest (MTV).  The inserts, which provide a Marine increased protection from small arms rifle fire and indirect fragments, include recent enhancements in comfort and operational effectiveness as compared to its predecessor protective plates.   The Plate Carrier is one of the latest Marine Corps body armor initiatives being executed to develop fully integrated and scalable systems for use by Marines in combat and training missions.  Similar to the Mission Oriented Protective Posture (MOPP) approach used for increased levels of Nuclear, Biological and Chemical (NBC) protection, we envision Marine Corps body armor systems that enable the individual Marine to configure modular, fully integrated components to meet specific mission requirements based upon threat and environmental conditions. This approach, referred to as Armor Protection Level, allows Commanders to determine the level of protection required based on the threat. Marines will be able to easily add and remove components without sacrificing fit, comfort, and usability.  Consequently, the Plate Carrier must be compatible with the MTV cummerbund and associated components. The Plate Carrier must be designed to carry a Marine?s assault load (i.e. magazines, water, grenades, etc.) as well as provide integrated soft body armor meeting current performance requirements for OTV/ MTV and use of the currently issued E-SAPI plates and future X-SAPI plates. The carrier will use state of the art load carriage techniques to optimally distribute the load over the torso.  The USMC envisions at this time a modular/scaleable integrated armor system, that will enable individual Marines to configure components to best meet specific mission requirements while optimizing/balance human factors (e.g. comfort and usability), protection (from enemy threats and environment) and cost (production and maintenance).  For example, an infantry Marine may utilize the Plate Carrier for jungle operations, or for sniper or close quarter battle purposes; alternatively, a Marine may configure the currently issued MTV for urban fighting by adding all the ballistic protection and a!  n increased ammunition load out. The Berry Amendment will apply to any  future procurement. In designing/developing the Plate carrier, companies are expected to apply best practice human-factors, casualty reduction analysis and business analysis to meet the needs of Marines.   The USMC is currently performing market research to learn applicable/proven best practices. The Plate Carrier requirements are not yet complete and a formal solicitation has not yet been developed.  Within that effort, the USMC wants to leverage its expertise in USMC operational/capability needs and related constraints with industries? established expertise and capabilities to design, develop, produce, and support best value products.  Therefore, the USMC is taking the following market research steps:   INDUSTRY DAY To help industry best understand the USMC performance capability needs and performance evaluation methodologies, a Plate Carrier Industry Conference will be held at the Kalman & Co. Inc., Suite 303, 50 Tech Parkway, Stafford, VA 22556 on January 8th, 2008 beginning at 0900.  This open forum session will provide an overview of current issues, uses, capability needs, constraints, and provide other information and answers to relevant questions or concerns. Attendees are highly encouraged to submit questions and or concerns in writing to susan.dlugos.ctr@usmc.mil prior to the conference date.  The USMC is eager to hear industry best-practice ideas used in other/similar projects (commercial and Federal).  In recognition of probable proprietary concerns, a limited number of individual sessions can be arranged with the acquisition team to discuss company-specific ideas and concerns.  Such one-on-one sessions will not exceed one hour each and will include a discussion of company qua!  lifications, similar-relevant past performance information,  and best practice ideas towards creating a successful Plate Carrier.  Due to resource demands, time is limited.  Companies wishing to attend the conference and/or meet on a one-on-one basis should register by no later than 21 DECEMBER 2007 via email addressed to  Leigh D?Lugos at susan.dlugos.ctr@usmc.mil.  Session requests should include a list of company attendees, limited to no more than three individuals.   REQUEST FOR WRITTEN RESPONSES Respondents are requested to include literature, brochures, and capabilities summaries directly addressing their ability to meet the anticipated Plate Carrier requirements.  Additional information is requested identifying business size, manufacturing capability and facilities.  Furnished written materials and any proprietary information will be protected when clearly identified as proprietary.  No telephonic responses will be accepted. Responses shall be submitted not later than 15 JANUARY 2008 to Leigh D?Lugos, at email address susan.dlugos.ctr@usmc.mil or via FEDEX/UPS deliveries to Commander, Leigh D?Lugos, CTQ3LD, MARCORSYSCOM, 2200 Lester Street Quantico VA 22134-6050.  Any questions regarding submission of materials should be addressed to Leigh D?Lugos at 703-432-3187, or susan.dlugos.ctr@usmc.mil. THE SUBMISSION OF THIS INFORMATION IS FOR PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT TO PROCURE ANY ITEMS/SERVICES, NOR FOR THE GOVE!  RNMENT TO PAY FOR THE INFORMATION RECEIVED. NO SOLICITATION DOCUMENT EXISTS.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/USMC/M67854/M6785408I3004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technology Division
<ZIP>20640-5070
<CLASSCOD>13
<OFFADD>N42794 2008 Stumpneck Rd  Indian Head, MD
<SUBJECT>13--SOURCES SOUGHT FOR COMMERCIAL-OFF-THE-SHELF (COTS) EXPLOSIVE DETECTION EQUIPMENT (EDE) TECHNOLOGIES TO DETECT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICES (IEDs) IN VEHICLES AND CARGO
<SOLNBR>N4279408003
<RESPDATE>013108
<ARCHDATE>02052008
<CONTACT>Jim Knesel, phone 301 744-6886
<DESC>The Naval Explosive Ordnance Disposal Technology Division (NAVEODTECHDIV) is seeking information regarding technologies and sources for Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) Explosive Detection Equipment (EDE) capable of finding Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) in cargo and vehicles that pose hazards to military operations.  This market survey solicits those vendors who are developing, or have developed, equipment manufactured for screening wheeled vehicles of all sizes.  This solicitation is for information that fully explains the existing technology features/capabilities in areas of penetration, resolution, and discrimination.  BACKGROUND: NAVEODTECHDIV plans to select vehicle screening EDE systems for comparative testing and evaluation as required by Anti-Terrorism/Physical Security/Force Protection organizations across the Department of Defense (DoD) using this information. Results of the comparative testing and evaluation of vendor systems will be collected to provid!  e DoD users a comprehensive explanation of equipment/system capabilities in meeting DoD requirements.  DoD is specifically seeking technologies for IED or IED components detection that protects the force and prevents terrorist bombings against military personnel, equipment and military installations by finding the IEDs in the methods of conveyance at points of entry.  These technologies include, but are not limited to, bulk detectors (x-ray, neutron, gamma ray, etc.).  Ideally, these technologies will allow antiterrorist/force protection/physical security personnel to effectively and reliably find IEDs and/or IED components while inspecting or pre-screening vehicles for authorized entrance at military installations with minimal reduction in throughput.  REQUIREMENTS: Interested firms are encouraged to respond by providing:  a) An Equipment Technical Summary of five or fewer pages and; b) one Quad Chart in MS PowerPoint format for each model (only one version per model) of t!  heir EDE.  An example of a Quad Chart is provided as an attachment to  this sources sought announcement.  Format of the Equipment Technical Summary is at the vendor?s discretion but must include information specified in the Technical Summary Guidance, below.  This announcement is NOT a formal solicitation and is NOT a Request For Proposal.  Availability of any formal solicitation will be announced separately. This synopsis is for the information and planning purposes ONLY and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. There is no commitment on the part of the US Navy to award a contract as a result of this request for information.  Our intent is to test technologically mature and market ready equipment.  Performance Parameters - The following parameters define the performance in inspecting/screening vehicles before passage through the point of entry onto military installations under a wide variety of operational and environmental conditions:  1 - Optimal Scanning Speed, Standoff Distance, Target Orientation, Threat Location; 2 - !  Image Resolution; 3 - Target Material Differentiation; 4 - Penetration Depth; 5 - Successful Threat Detection; 6 - Field of View.  TECHNICAL SUMMARY GUIDANCE: 1.0 General Information.  1.1 Vendor Information. Name, address, point of contact, email and postal address, telephone number, and related WebPages, if applicable.  1.2 Point of Contact. Vendor representative's name and contact information.  1.3 System Title.  EDE name and model.  1.4 System Picture. Photograph of EDE, preferably illustrating the unit in operation.  1.5 Technology. A brief description of the technology used by this product consisting of the technology title and five or fewer descriptive sentences.  1.6 Output. Samples of output produced directly by the EDE while in operation that identifies the IED characteristics present in the target of interest. Examples of output include X-ray images or graphical / tabular data of chemical composition or neutron analysis.  1.7 Life Cycle Cost.  Life Cycle Cost, me!  asured in $US, of the EDE includes: a) unit cost, b) annual maintenanc e performed by vendor representatives, c) consumable items for operations, and d) operation and maintenance training provided by the vendor (both duration and cost).  2.0 Other System Characteristics: 2.1 Size. Outside dimensions in feet and inches when stored, in transit to the screening site, and during screening operations.  Include the overall weight of the system, in pounds.  Include the operational footprint required for continuous screening.  2.2 Power Requirements. Include any necessary external power required to operate the system.  2.3 Operators. Task requirements for continuous operations. Include level of training necessary for operator to be qualified to execute tasks. The operator is: a) a soldier, sailor, airman, marine or security personnel, b) supplied with vendor's written manuals, and c) trained by the manufacturer on the proper operation of the equipment.  2.4 Limitations / Hazards / Special Requirements. State any special EDE limitations, hazards and/or !  special requirements to include hazards, such as radiation sources or toxic chemicals and their respective levels.  2.5 Special Features / Capabilities. Summarize any special EDE features or capabilities not contained herein that improve the overall ability of the EDE to find IEDs. State whether EDE has ability to detect other classes of chemical compounds or other distinguishing characteristics unique to IED beyond those cited here.  2.6 Typical Environmental Conditions. The Point of Entry will have standard U. S. electrical power supply of 110V AC / 220V AC @ 50-60 Hz. Ambient weather / climatic conditions are expected to: a) range from 0 to 140 degrees Fahrenheit, b) range from 10 to 95% humidity, c) barometric pressure ranges from sea level to 3000 feet above sea level, and d) may contain saltwater spray, sand, dust, rain, or snow.  3.0 Validated Test Results. Summary of vendor and / or third party certifications and / or documented results of vendor test targets, testi!  ng and test protocols (additional published technical documentation ma y be submitted separately).  TECHNICAL INFORMATION: Please address technical questions to Mr. David Nelson at (301) 744-5167 or e-mail david.a.nelson1@navy.mil.  SUBMISSION: Each submission shall be transmitted electronically to Mr. Jim Knesel at james.e.knesel@navy.mil.  Replies must be received not later than 3:00 PM EST, 31 January 2008.  All data received in response to this Sources Sought notice that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary information will be fully protected from release outside the Government.  The Government will not reimburse respondents for the cost of submitting information.  Please address all business or contractual questions relating to this announcement to Jim Knesel. Point of Contact 	Jim Knesel, (301) 744-6886, james.e.knesel@navy.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVSEA/N0464A/N4279408003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>james.e.knesel@navy.mil
<DESC>Jim Knesel
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Bureau of the Public Debt (BPD)
<LOCATION>Division of Procurement
<ZIP>26106-5312
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>721110
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Bureau of the Public Debt (BPD), Division of Procurement, Avery 5F 200 Third Street, Parkersburg, WV, 26106-5312, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- New Markets Tax Credit Program Readers Meeting for the CDFI Fund
<SOLNBR>RFI-CDF-08-0007
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>12262007
<CONTACT>Geoffrey Barnes, Purchasing Agent, Phone 304-480-8087, Fax 304-480-7204, Email PSB2@bpd.treas.gov - Keri Moore, Contracting Officer, Phone 304-480-7167, Fax 304-480-7204, Email PSB2@bpd.treas.gov
<DESC>Request for Information

CDFI Fund:  New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC) Program Readers Meeting


Purpose:  The Bureau of the Public Debt (BPD), Administrative Resource Center (ARC), on behalf of the Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) Fund, is assessing the market to gain information on vendors that have the capacity and facilities available to host the 2008 NMTC Readers Meeting from April 23-24, 2008 in Washington, DC.  Guest rooms and logistical and conference room facilities are required for 100 participants.  The vendor must meet the following requirements:

1.	Logistical Requirements

	a.	Must be Metro-accessible (within 5-block radius of a Metro station)
b.	Conference facilities and guest rooms on the same premises or immediately adjacent (i.e. short walk)
	c.	Guest rooms equipped with high-speed internet access
	d.	Accommodations include a Business Center available to guests
e.	Hotel facilities located within a 20-mile radius (maximum) of Reagan National Airport (Guest safety is of significant importance)
	f.	On-site meeting planner and IT support available (required)
g.	Complimentary parking facilities for overnight and day parking (preferred, but not required)	

2.	Conference Requirements

	a.	Main Conference Room
April 23, 2008 (8:00a.m. - 5:00p.m.)- April 24, 2008 (8:00a.m. - 2:00p.m.)
		i.	Classroom setup for approximately 100 participants
		ii.	Overhead projector (LCD projector and screen)
		iii.	Podium with microphone
		iv.	Table for participant check-in (outside main conference room)
		v.	High-speed internet access (wireless preferred)

	b.	Discussion/Break-out Rooms - April 23, 2008 (2:00p.m.-5:00p.m.)
i.	Four (4) rooms accommodating approximately twenty (20) participants each
		ii.	Pod-style setup

c.	Reception - April 23, 2008 (5:00p.m. - 7:00p.m.)
One (1) room with hors d'oeuvres (buffet) and cash bar for approximately 100 participants

3.	Catering Requirements

	a.	Breakfast - April 23-24, 2008 (8:00a.m. - 9:00a.m.)
			
- Juices, coffee, water, and pastries/bagels setup outside conference room
		  (or inside if space is unavailable) for approximately 100 participants

	b.	Lunch - April 23, 2008 (12:00p.m. - 1:00p.m.)
			
- Working lunch for approximately 100 participants

	c.	Afternoon Break - April 23, 2008 (2:45p.m.)
			
- Snacks (i.e. coffee, cookies) setup inside or directly outside Main
		  Conference Room for approximately 100 participants

	d.	Evening Reception - April 23, 2008 (5:00p.m. - 7:00p.m.)
			
- Buffet style and cash bar for approximately 100 participants

4.	Guest Room Requirements

	a.	April 22, 2008 - maximum of 80 guest rooms (late arrival)
	b.	April 23, 2008 - maximum of 80 guest rooms
	c.	April 24, 2008 - maximum of 60 guest rooms (late check out requested)
	d.	April 25, 2008 - maximum of 20 guest rooms (late check out)

5.	Alternate Dates

	Preferred dates for the conference are April 23-24, 2008.  However, if availability
	issues arise, any two consecutive days between April 21st and April 25th are
	acceptable alternatives. 


ARC is requesting information that will demonstrate the vendor's ability to meet the requirements listed above.  Please note that this information is being requested for information and planning purposes only.  The Government does not intend to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information requested.  ARC will assess the ability of the market to meet the needs as stated above based on the information received.  Dependent upon the results of this market survey, ARC may issue a solicitation to acquire the services.

In addition to the information requested above, please provide ARC with the following: 

1.  The name and location of your company, contact information, and identify your business size (Small Business, Large Business, Disadvantaged Business, 8(a), Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, or HubZone) based on NAICS Code 721110, size standard $6.5m.

2.  The name and contact information for customers, current or previous, for which you have provided services similar to the ones that ARC requires.
3.  The latest date reservations would need to be received in order to secure all required accommodations for the requested dates.

4.  Whether your services are available through a GSA Schedule.  Please include the name of the point of contact, email address, and telephone number should the Government have questions regarding individual responses.     

Responses to this request must be submitted no later than 2:00 p.m. ET on December 11, 2007 and may be submitted electronically to PSB2@bpd.treas.gov to the attention of Geoff Barnes.  The following file extensions are not allowable and application materials/data submitted with these extensions cannot be considered:     

.bat, .cmd, .com, .exe, .pif, .rar, .scr, .vbs, .hta, .cpl, and .zip files.

Microsoft Office compatible documents are acceptable.     

No other information regarding this RFI will be provided at this time.

This notice does not restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach.  All firms responding to this sources sought notice are advised that the response is not a request that will be considered for contract award.  All interested parties will be required to respond to any resultant solicitation separately from their response to this sources sought notice.

Interested offerors may register at http://www.fedbizopps.gov to receive notification when the solicitation and any amendments are issued and available for downloading. Please note that the General Services Administration provides the notification service as a convenience and does not guarantee that notifications will be received by all persons on the mailing list. Therefore, we recommend that you monitor the FedBizOpps site for all information relevant to desired acquisitions. If the Internet option is not available to you, you may receive a hard copy of the solicitation and any amendments (via U.S. Mail) by faxing your request to (304) 480-7204 or e-mailing your request to PSB2@bpd.treas.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TREAS/BPD/DP/RFI-CDF-08-0007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Washington DC
<POPZIP>20005
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>Office of the Chief Information Officer (FI)
<ZIP>22202
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>519190
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Federal Supply Service (FSS), Office of the Chief Information Officer (FI), 1941 Jefferson Davis Highway, Crystal Mall #4, Arlington, VA, 22202, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>70 -- SIPCOR Sources Sought notice
<SOLNBR>RFQ256011
<RESPDATE>121408
<ARCHDATE>12292008
<CONTACT>Holly Carr, Contracting Officer, Phone (703) 605-5588, Fax null, Email holly.carr@gsa.gov
<DESC>SIPCOR INDUSTRY DAY
Request for Information/Sources Sought
GSA IT SCHEDULE 70

On Monday, December 17, 2007, the GSA Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) will host an Industry Day at its Crystal City Headquarters located at 2200 Crystal Drive (CP4) in room L1301 from  9:00 a.m eastern standard time to 12:00 est.

The purpose of the Industry Day is to conduct market research (pursuant to FAR Part 10).  Therefore, this notice does not obligate the Government.

The Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) is exploring options to replace the current Schedules Input Program (SIP) with an outsourced catalog data management solution. FAS would like to outsource all processes and management of catalog data. This would include formatting data for offers and modifications submitted by 18,000 FAS schedule contract holders. Contractors must have capacity to timely process over 14 million schedule items. The data may be submitted in multiple forms including electronic files i.e. Excel, EDI, Access and hard copy catalogs. The 3rd party contractors will be responsible for extracting and formatting catalog data so it can be successfully uploaded to GSA Advantage. The 3rd party contractors will be responsible for obtaining all necessary data and files and submitting the information to FAS for upload to GSA Advantage. The 3rd party contractors will be responsible for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the data. In addition, the contractors will be responsible for establishing a corporate quality assurance program to ensure data sent to GSA Advantage is accurate.

The GSA Schedules program is the preferred source pursuant to FAR 8.4.   SIP providers who are not on GSA Schedule are encouraged to do so.

Kindly submit your capability statement and/or RSVP attendance at the Industry Day by email nlt December 14, 2007 at 2:00 p.m. to gary.drugley@gsa.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FSS/FI/RFQ256011/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>2200 Crystal Drive, Arlington VA Room L1301
<POPZIP>22202
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>374 CONS - Yokota
<ZIP>96328-5228
<CLASSCOD>M
<NAICS>561210
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Pacific Air Forces, 374 CONS - Yokota, Unit 5228, Yokota AB, APO Japan, ., 96328-5228, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>M -- Licensed Central Heat Plant Operators at Yokota AB
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-12132007
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Keisuke Kiyotaka, Contracting Officer, Phone 81-42-552-3010, Fax 81-42-552-9846, Email keisuke.kiyotaka.jp@yokota.af.mil - Andrew Whitney, Director of Business Operations, Phone 011-81-31175-57199, Fax 011-81-31175-53346, Email andrew.whitney@yokota.af.mil
<DESC>The contractor is required to operate four central heat plants at Yokota Air Base during labor strike anticipated on 13 Dec 07.  The contractor will assume full operation responsibility for each of the four (4) central heat plants.  Each shift at each heat plant must have at least a Utility Plant Operator 2 level-of-certification and one Utility Plant Operator 1 level-of- certification. Demographics of the four (4) central heat plants are:  

H Plant: building 1245: three (3) steam boilers with a steam rating of 7.5 tons each at 16 million British Thermal Units (BTU) per hour output capacity.

F Plant: building 9: three (3) steam boilers with a steam rating of 30 tons each at 64 million BTUs per hour output capacity.

L Plant: building 4069: two (2) steam boilers with a steam rating of 8 tons each with a rating of 1.2 million BTUs per hour output capacity.

K Plant: building 4436: four (4) high-temperature hot-water boilers with a rating of 13 tons each and 2.7 million BTUs per hour output capacity.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/PAF/374CONS/Reference-Number-12132007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Yokota Aira Base, Fussa, Fussa-shi, Tokyo
<POPZIP>197-0001
<POPCOUNTRY>JAPAN
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>Southwest Supply Center (7FL)
<ZIP>76102
<CLASSCOD>79
<NAICS>333319
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Federal Supply Service (FSS), Southwest Supply Center (7FL), 819 Taylor Street RM 6A00, Fort Worth, TX, 76102, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>79 -- Market Survey for Cleaner, Vacuum, Electric
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-7FLA-A6-08-7910-SQ
<RESPDATE>120707
<CONTACT>Barbara Goolsby, General Supply Specialist, Phone 817-574-2563, Fax 817-978-0002, Email barbara.goolsby@gsa.gov
<DESC>This is a Sources Sought only!  Please fill out and return survey by fax to 817-978-0002 or attach to an email.  Email address:  barbara.goolsby@gsa.gov
This Market Survey is in preparation for an Open Market Standing Quote Agreement (SQ).  Please carefully review the Item Purchase Descriptions (IPD) to assure that your product meets all the specifications of the IPD.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FSS/7FL/Reference-Number-7FLA-A6-08-7910-SQ/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Comm for Purchase from People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled
<OFFICE>Committee for Purchase
<LOCATION>Committee for Purchase
<ZIP>22202-3259
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>332510
<OFFADD>Comm for Purchase from People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled, Committee for Purchase, Committee for Purchase, 1421 Jefferson Davis Highway Jefferson Plaza #2, Room 10800, Arlington, VA, 22202-3259, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>53 -- NIB is interested in finding a partner, working within the Committee for Purchase Operations Memorandum #22 guidelines, to develop and place on the Procurement List a line of padlocks.
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-CP-12-04
<RESPDATE>010408
<ARCHDATE>01192008
<CONTACT>Emily Covey, Operations Analyst, Phone (703) 603-2133, Fax (703) 603-0655, Email ecovey@jwod.gov
<DESC>In order to assist in finding a suitable partner, we request the following notice be appropriately placed in the FedBizOps.gov web site at the earliest practicable time:

The Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled (Committee), the Federal agency that oversees the AbilityOne Program, is seeking a U.S. commercial manufacturer of padlocks to partner with a selected nonprofit agency to furnish such products to the Federal Government under the AbilityOne Program. The products described must 1.) The product must be of a solid one piece construction designed to meet CID A-A-59487-2S requirements. 2) The padlocks must meet and/or exceed the FAR and other published Federal standards, including Executive Orders and applicable agency-unique requirements.  3.) Additional product features should include:  Locks are solid case hardened steel body with boron alloy steel shackle and stainless steel double-ball locking mechanism.  5- or 6-pin tumbler brass cylinders with solid steel cover plate. Non removable keys for added security  and a corrosion resistant body. To be considered for the commercial partner opportunity, the following criteria at a minimum must be met: 


	1) Possession of a nationally-known brand name that can be demonstrated to have 	significant appeal through evidence of substantial sales and market share.  2) Ability 	to offer a complete line of padlocks. 3.) Willingness to enter into a multi-year 	agreement, which includes on-going technical and production assistance while 	enabling the selected nonprofit agency to meet the suitability criteria of the                    	AbilityOne Program in the production process by supplying the locks not fully 	assembled and instructing the non profit agency in proper assembly techniques to 	complete the manufacturing and subsequent packaging of the products, thereby 	creating employment for people who are blind or severely disabled.  4) The chosen 	commercial manufacturer must be willing to set a high priority for delivering the bulk 	materials to the nonprofit agency in order to assure the agency of on-time deliveries to 	the end-use customers.  5) Commitment to working cooperatively with AbilityOne 	personnel to market the products to Government customers under the AbilityOne 	Program.  6)  Willingness to work with the selected nonprofit agency, NIB or NISH 	and the Committee to ensure that the products? price to end-users is a fair and 	reasonable price.  7) All products must be manufactured and lab tested, certified and 	customer tested to be effective according to their purpose. 8)  Manufacturers? 	submissions must demonstrate that the specific products meet the various criteria, as 	well as indicate what functions the nonprofit agency?s employees would perform.  	Submission should recommend ways to maximize the employment for people who are 	blind or severely disabled in the fulfillment of the products.

      The deadline for response is January 4, 2008

Your assistance in this matter is greatly appreciated.  Should you have any questions, please call Emily Covey at 703-603-2133.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/JWOD/JWODCOP/COP01/Reference-Number-CP-12-04/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Committee For Purchase From People Who Are Blind Or Severely Disabled, 1421 Jefferson Davis Highway
Jefferson Plaza 2, Suite 10800
Crystal City, VA
<POPZIP>22202
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>AF ISR Agency
<ZIP>78243-7091
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>334290
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Combat Command, AF ISR Agency, AF ISR Agency/A7K 102 Hall Blvd, Ste 258, San Antonio, TX, 78243-7091, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Cloudshield CS-2X000 Support/Integration
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-F2MU007204A001
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Bill Kaufman, Contracting Officer, Phone 210-977-6173, Fax 210-977-6414, Email william.kaufman@lackland.af.mil
<DESC>The Information Operations Technologies Division of the Information Operations Directorate, a major component of the Air Force Information Operations Center (AFIOC) is currently seeking sources for a potential requirement for services to support and/or integrate emerging technologies into the AFIOC developed Information Operations Platform (IOP).  These services include, but are not limited to, training, fielding support, trouble shooting, maintenance, and integration of capabilities into the Cloudshield?s CS-2X00 series hardware, firmware, and software.  Beyond extensive knowledge of the hardware, firmware, and software, the source will also be required to modify the Cloudshield Technologies hardware and firmware to integrate additional capabilities in a supportable way?this in respect to both the legal aspects of any Intellectual Property and the practical aspects of producing supportable changes in both current and future releases of hardware, firmware, and software. 
This is a Sources Sought Synopsis only.  This is not a solicitation announcement.  This synopsis neither constitutes a Request for Proposal, nor does it restrict the AFIOC Information Operations Technologies Division (IOT) to an ultimate acquisition approach.  No contract will be awarded from this announcement and requests for a solicitation will not receive a response.  No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement.  Any information submitted by respondents to this synopsis is strictly voluntary.  This Sources Sought Synopsis is in support of a market survey being conducted by the Integrated Network Defense System (INDS) team to determine potential sources capable of fulfilling all requirements associated with supporting and integrating current and/or emerging capabilities with the Cloudshield Technologies CS-2X00 series hardware.  Any resultant contract is anticipated to be a time and material contract with one (1) base year and two (2) option years.  Firms responding to this sources sought synopsis are also requested to provide the INDS team with relevant experience related to all requirements and knowledge areas included in this Sources Sought Synopsis.
Responses must be submitted electronically to Bill Kaufman, Contracting Officer at William.kaufman@lackland.af.mil by 3:00 p.m. Central Standard Time on 14 Dec 07.  In the event that electronic submission is not possible, responses can be forwarded in hard copy to the following address:  AF ISR Agency /A7KA, Attn: Bill Kaufman, 102 Hall Blvd, Ste 268, San Antonio, TX 78243.  If responses are mailed, they must be received by 14 Dec 07.  No phone calls will be accepted.

BACKGROUND:  The Air Force Information Operations Center is tasked to develop intrusion prevention systems (IPS) to protect current and future AF network configurations from certain forms of attack by hostile individuals, organizations, and/or governments.  The next generation  IPS is required to maintain the flexibility and configurability of the current IPS while handling the increased data rates of tomorrow?s networks.  AFIOC/IOT has a mission to keep abreast of state-of-the-art advances in the intrusion detection field.  
A primary component of the IOP is the CS-2X00 series hardware.  The CS-2X00 series is an advanced, purpose-built system that offers the ability to scale powerful inspection capabilities at extremely high speeds through parallel processing and appropriate distribution of tasks.  The INDS? intent is to enhance the IOP capability set via the Cloudshield platform with current and/or emerging capabilities to include, but not limited to steganography detection, covert channels, VoIP, IPv6, geolocation, fail-open Network Interface Cards (NIC) and other commercial applications.  
All efforts associated with the integration and support of the Cloudshield Technologies CS-2X00 series hardware will be conducted by a source with Top Secret clearances under the guidance of the Air Force Information Operations Center, Information Operations Directorate.  Any and all unique application integration would therefore be the property of the United States Air Force.  The source will be required to obtain the proprietary rights to the Cloudshield Technologies CS-2X00 series hardware.  
GENERAL TASKS:
Task 1 - Training to AFIOC/IOT on operation and maintenance of the CS-2X00 series 
Task 1.1 - Training 
The source shall provide training for up to 12 AF designated personnel at the source?s facility or at a mutually agreed upon facility that is determined to provide the best participant experience at the most economical cost.  Each course?s training documentation plan must include, but is not limited to, course objectives, agenda, lab exercises, and some method of evaluation.  Training topics include:

Task 1.2 - Hardware overview, installation and maintenance for CS-2X00 
Course description:  This course covers the installation, maintenance and troubleshooting of CS-2X00 series.  Students will learn how to install all CS-2X00 components including the Application Server Module (ASM), and Deep Packet Processor Module (DPPM) cards.  

Task 1.3 - System Management and Network Deployment and Lab
Course description:  This course provides an examination of the hardware and software architecture of the CS-2X00.  

Task 1.4 - CPOS Training and Lab
Course description:  This course is a comprehensive overview of the source?s Packet Operating System (CPOS) for the CS-2X00.  

Task 1.5 - CMAP Training and Lab
Course description:  This course is a comprehensive overview of the source?s Compiler and Multi-App Project (CMAP) for the CS-2X00.  .


Task 1.6 - Open Network Services (ONS) Integrated Development Environment (IDE) 1.0 Training and Lab
Course description:  This course covers in-depth consideration of the IDE application development environment.  

Task 1.7 - Advanced ONS IDE Development Program Training and Lab
Course description:  This course offers students the opportunity to explore advanced IDE development techniques.  

Task 1.8 ? Timely Training for All Hardware, Firmware, and Software Changes Made to Accomplish the Integration Efforts Listed in Following Tasks
Course description: This course will provide updated curriculum and training services for modifications to the hardware, firmware, and software for purposes of satisfying the integration requirements of the following tasks.

Task 2 - Technical Support to AFIOC/IOT

Task 2.1 Support Concept Refinement, Capability Integration, Demonstrations, Exercise, and Fielding of Government Unique Solutions based on the Cloudshield Product Line 
The source shall work with IOT personnel to understand their unique requirements and, using its best efforts integrate a capability into the Cloudshield product line that demonstrates a specialized application program interface (API) for unique government requirements.  The source shall work with IOT personnel to identify additional sample applications and API requirements related, but not limited, to:  steganography detection, covert channels, VoIP, IPv6, Geolocation, fail-open Network Interface Cards (NIC) and other commercial applications.  

Task 2.1.1 Capability/Technology Integration 
The source shall participate in Technical Interchange Meetings to present Cloudshield product roadmaps, to coordinate integration efforts, and to assist in capability/technology refinement activities.  The source shall contribute to and author whitepapers as required to document concepts and enhanced implementation of the Cloudshield product line to be integrated into the AF architecture. 

Task 2.1.2 Scope and Integrate Capability/Technology Solutions for Unique Government Requirements 
The source shall provide scoping, engineering, and integration support in white paper format to proof refined capabilities into working models.  The source shall construct all models to be Multi-App enabled and in the open standard PacketC, where possible.  Where not possible, the source shall be capable of modifying the PacketC standard to incorporate the missing functionality required for integration.

Task 2.1.3 Covert Channel Detection Applications 
The source shall provide a white paper and/or capability integration for detecting covert channels and remotely accessed backdoors.  The source shall optimize government-furnished algorithms and incorporate them into a Cloudshield RAVE application.  The source shall explore/analyze the introduction of math-intensive portions of provided algorithms into the Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) of their CS-2X00 series system, and alternatively a co-processor for the CS-2X00 chassis.

Task 2.1.4 VoIP Security Applications 
The source shall provide a white paper and/or application integration that demonstrates full protocol handling of all industry standard VoIP protocols for purposes of anomaly detection, use categorization, lawful intercept, and OPSEC enforcement.

Task 2.1.5 IPv6 Translation Gateway Application 
The source shall provide a white paper and/or application integration that provides a two-way translation gateway between IPv4 and IPv6 hosts and networks.  

Task 2.1.6 Geolocation Application
The source shall provide a white paper and/or application integration to utilize a geographically distributed network of Cloudshield hardware to indicate the true geographical source of network traffic and ultimately identify the true source of network traffic.

Task 2.2 Support Demonstrations, Exercises, and Fielding activities
The source shall provide engineering support to and participate in AF demonstrations, exercises, and fielding activities that include Cloudshield products in the solution set.  

Task 2.3 Support Next Generation Hardware Utilization and Integration 
The source shall provide courses of action and demonstrations, as required, to assist in transitioning AF solution sets to the Cloudshield hardware and firmware versions.  

Task 2.3.1 Access Support to Cloudshield-enabled IBM BladeCenter Architecture
The source shall provide access to its next generation hardware architecture in partnership with IBM.  The source shall provide engineering support to assist in transitioning the existing capabilities to the blade architecture and planning the roadmap for other integration opportunities that take advantage of the blade architecture capabilities. 

Task 2.3.2 ?Size, Weight, Power? (SWP) Analysis 
The source shall provide a study to include a whitepaper, project plan, and cost estimate for an embedded appliance that is code compatible with the current CS-2X00 series architecture while reducing the size to less than 10?x10?, increasing the throughput capacity to 10Gbit, and consuming less than 20W under normal operating conditions.  

Task 2.3.2.1 Produce SWP Prototype 
The source shall demonstrate a prototype according to the approved plan described in 2.3.2.


Task 2.3.3 Multi-App MLS Application Framework Analysis
The source shall provide a study to include a whitepaper, project plan, and cost estimate to implement a Multi-App environment on the CS-2X00 and BladeCenter platforms that is capable of running applications of different classifications simultaneously while protecting the control and reporting of applications to the security domain they belong to.  

Task 2.3.3.1 Produce Multi-App MLS Prototype
The source shall demonstrate a prototype according to the approved plan described in 2.3.3.

Task 2.3.4 Network Data Capture, Storage, and Retrieval Application (Tornado) Analysis 
The source shall provide a study to include a whitepaper, project plan, and cost estimate to implement a network capture, storage, and retrieval system for the CS-2X00.  The system?s capture and storage functions shall operate at full line rate of the CS-2X00.  The retrieval function shall operate concurrently with capture and storage functions, while supporting simultaneous queries from multiple users in less than 30 seconds (objective) or within two minutes (threshold) from time of request. 

Task 2.4 Refine and Integrate Commercial Application Integration Prototypes
The source shall provide commercial application integration and certification support, where appropriate.  The source shall work with IOT personnel to identify target commercial products that may be candidates for integrating with/onto the source CS-2X00.  

SOURCE QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
Source expertise must include:
??	Software and firmware development and project management capabilities allowing for maintenance & enhancement of INDS developed test components using these languages:
?	PacketC
?	RAVE
?	VHDL
?	Assembler
?	C
?	C++
?	Java
?	Database development
?	Perl Scripting
?	Shell Script
?	SQL

??	Hardware modification capabilities to include power supply and cooling issues, size issues, functional issues, to include the following component types:
?	Intel IXP Network Processors
?	Content/Pattern Matching Chips
?	Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA)
?	Ternary Content Addressable Memory (CAM)
?	Network PHYs
?	Multi-Processor Systems
?	Storage Network Technology

??	The working environment requires but may not be limited to:
?	Travel to Government or remote facilities
?	A quick response capability in CONUS
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/HQAIA/Reference-Number-F2MU007204A001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Contractor's Facility and at AFIOC/IOTP, 404 Greig St, Bldg 179, San Antonio  TX
<POPZIP>78243
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>30CONS
<ZIP>93437-5212
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>236210
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Space Command, 30CONS, 1515 Iceland Avenue Bldg 8500, Room 150, Vandenberg AFB, CA, 93437-5212, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Y -- Sources Sought Sand Blast Booth
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-F4DTCB7320A001
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Damion Bailey, Contract Specialist, Phone (805) 606-5865, Fax (805) 606-5867, Email damion.bailey@vandenberg.af.mil - Dennis Chan, Contracting Specialist, Phone (805) 605- 3916, Fax null, Email dennis.chan@vandenberg.af.mil
<DESC>Sources Sought Synopsis for Sand Blast Booth, Support Equipment, & Installation at Vandenberg AFB, CA. THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. It is a market research tool being used to determine potential sources prior to determining the method of acquisition and issuance of a Request for Proposal. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this synopsis. Per the attached Draft Statement of Work, the contractor shall furnish all equipment, labor, materials, labels, containers, tools, transportation and supervision necessary to provide and install a Sand Blast Booth and Support Equipment in Bldg 9320, Vandenberg AFB, CA. There is no commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation, make an award, or be responsible for any monies expended by any interested parties in support of the effort mentioned above. Information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit or award a contract. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the Federal Business Opportunities (FedBizOpps) website, located at http://www.fbo.gov/. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor this site for the release of any follow-on information. This is a Sources Sought; however, feedback from industry is also sought on the requirements stated in this synopsis. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP). Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than 5 pages in length, and demonstrate their ability to provide the requirements listed above. All data received in response to this sources sought notice, marked or designated as corporate or proprietary, will be fully protected from release outside the Government. It is highly encouraged that capability statements be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist in Microsoft Word format, or Portable Document Format (PDF), at the following email address: (sean.kennedy@vandenberg.af.mil). Alternatively, the capability statement may be sent to the following address: Dept of the Air Force, 30 CONS/LGCB, Attn: Sean Kennedy, 1515 Iceland Ave, Bldg 8500 Room 150, Vandenberg AFB, CA 93437. The information may be faxed to (805) 606-5867, Attn: Sean Kennedy. Telephone and other means of oral communication requesting information will not be permitted. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to these source sought. Capabilities statements must be received no later than 4:00 p.m. (PST) on 14 December 2007.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFSC/30CONS/Reference-Number-F4DTCB7320A001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Vandenberg AFB
<POPZIP>93437
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFMC - Air Force Materiel Command Headquarters
<ZIP>45433
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFMC - Air Force Materiel Command Headquarters, HQ AFMC/PKX 4375 Chidlaw Rd Ste 6, Wright-Patterson AFB, OH, 45433, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>J -- AFRL Engineering Support
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-F4FBBL7142A001
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>01052008
<CONTACT>Jennifer LaShawn Nalls, Contract Administrator, Phone 937-522-4550, Fax 937-656-1412, Email jennifer.nalls@wpafb.af.mil - Jennifer LaShawn Nalls, Contract Administrator, Phone 937-522-4550, Fax 937-656-1412, Email jennifer.nalls@wpafb.af.mil
<DESC>This is a Sources Sought Synopsis; there is no solicitation available at this time. Requests for a solicitation will receive no response. This Sources Sought Synopsis is published for market research purposes only, to identify potential sources capable of planning, implementing and accomplishing maintenance and fabrication of experimental processing and test equipment. The requirement is located at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.  A draft Performance Work Statement is attached; this is only a draft and in no way should be construed as a request for proposal. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 541330 Engineering Services.This requirement is to provide personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision and other items and services to perform non-personal, on-site engineering support for the in-house research and development (R&D) programs of the Air Force Research Laboratory, Aerospace Components and Subsystems Technology Division (AFRL/SN, primarily AFRL/SND and AFRL/MLPS) located at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, OH 45433. In addition, the contractor will be required to provide the personnel for on-site support services to supplement the activities and programs at the AFRL facilities. The facilities used at AFRL include, but are not limited to: Photonics Test Laboratory, EO Devices Laboratory, Packaging/Wire Bond Laboratory, SENCAT Laboratory, RASCAL Laboratory, Integration Laboratory, GPS Laboratory, Materials Characterization Laboratory, Molecular Beam Epitaxy Laboratory, VandeGraff Laboratory, RF Components Laboratory, Clean Room, and FTIR Laboratory.  LABOR CATEGORIES: It is estimated that various experience levels in the following labor categories will be used: Clean Room Supervisor, Electronic Technicians, Junior Electronic Technicians, Engineering Technicians, and Program Manager .  SERVICES REQUIRED: The support required is associated with the design, development, verification/validation, fabrication, modification, calibration, repair, preventative maintenance, data documentation/acquisition, operation/assembly, and test of electronic, electrical, mechanical, optical, and software systems used. Several of the facilities/equipment are experimental and one-of-a-kind. The contractor will be required to procure materials, sub-contracting consultants, equipment, computers, software, and/or machines. Examples of the current programs are: Wideband and Reliability GaN MMIC Power Testing, V-band Power Testing, Ka-band High Efficiency Device Study, Advanced Development Programs: Miniature Microwave Digital Receivers, Single Chip RF Subsystems, Advanced Millimeter Wave Power Modules, and Denied Access Sensing ,Exploratory Technology: RF Power Amplifier Technology, RF MEMS Switches, Electromagnetic Modeling and Simulation, High Speed Electronic Devices, Nanotechnology, and Epitaxial Material Growth and Characterization, Physics and Chemistry of Electronics, and Transparent Electronics.  GOVERNMENT FURNISHED: The contractor will be provided the office/work space, on-base telephones, basic utilities, and access to ARFL/SND/MLP test equipment and hardware. CRITICAL PERSONNEL: The following positions require the contractor to provide personnel with multiple technical skills to meet the technical requirements. A different mix of personnel and technical skills is acceptable as long as all technical areas of the five positions are covered; (a) Clean Room Supervisor (CRS) will be responsible for the on-site supervision of a Class 100 laboratory to produce novel high performance electronic devices.  The CRS will be responsible for overseeing all operation, maintenance, upgrades and repair of systems and equipment of the lab. This responsibility shall include, but not be limited to, hazardous material storage and disposal, environmental control, deionization water system, vacuum and compressed air pumps. The CRS will provide basic clean room and hazardous material training to new personnel. (b) Device Process Technician is required to support the specialized process areas in the device research facility of reactive ion etching, plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition, thermal processing, photolithography and profilometry. The technician will be responsible for development of new process technologies, maintenance and repair of systems, and training scientists and engineers on the use of equipment and processes. (c) Clean Room Technician is responsible for the operation and maintenance of facilities and equipment, these include: metal deposition system, reactive ion etching, plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition, thermal processing, photolithography, and profilometry, d) Senior Microwave Measurements Technician will be responsible for development/assembly, validation, and accurate measurements with load pull systems for on-wafer power characterization of state-of-the-art microwave devices.  Must be able to configure measurement systems for supporting measurements such as intermodulation distortion, small-signal and temperature-dependent measurements, as well as fixtured power amplifier measurements. (e) Program Manager will be responsible for the on-base administration of the contract. Additional duties include the delivery of direct materials to the work site, delivery and receipt of the monthly vouchers, time cards, service reports, etc. in a timely manner. This position will be manned up to 20% of the time.  In response to this notice, offerors shall submit a capability statement consisting of the following: (a) Technical: Statements describing experience in the operations and management of a large (>3000 square feet) class 100 device fabrication laboratory or statements describing the offeror's plan to acquire this capability. References shall be included. (b) Financial: For this $35M to $50M program ($7M-$10M/year) evidence of a sound credit rating to ensure that materials purchase capability will not be slowed or otherwise compromised. It shall also include evidence of their capability to purchase equipment up to $3M. (c) Management: statements describing experience in purchasing under the government FARS and DFARS. Capability packages are not to exceed 25 pages. Technical and financial information is of primary concern, due to page limitation; advertising or marketing information is NOT appropriate. The responses to this synopsis will be used for a market survey analysis to determine if the contemplated acquisition will be conducted under full and open competition or as a set-aside under small business set-aside or 8(a) procedures. This sources sought synopsis is not a request for proposals; it is a market research tool being utilized to determine the availability and adequacy of potential sources prior to issuing a Request for Proposal (RFP). Any information submitted by respondents to this synopsis is strictly voluntary. The Government will not pay for any information that is submitted by respondents to this sources sought request. Contractors who believe they possess the required expertise and experience shall submit two copies of their technical capabilities in writing TSgt Jennifer LaShawn Nalls, 88 CONS/PKAB, 1940 Allbrook Drive, Suite 3, Wright-Patterson AFB, OH 45433-5309, or electronically to jennifer.nalls@wpafb.af.mil. Voice communications are received at 937-522-4550. Personal visits to discuss this project will not be scheduled. Responses must be received not later than COB December 21, 2007. All documentation shall become the property of the Government. Firms responding must indicate the following information: Eligibility to the 8(a) program. Indicate the business size: small business or small disadvantaged business, veteran owned small business or HUBZone certified, and indicate the appropriate NAICS code. This synopsis neither constitutes a Request for Proposal, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. This synopsis should not be construed as commitment by the Government for any purpose other than market research.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFMC/Reference-Number-F4FBBL7142A001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, OH
<POPZIP>45433
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AAC - Air Armament Center
<ZIP>32542-6864
<CLASSCOD>10
<NAICS>332993
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AAC - Air Armament Center, AAC/PK 205 West D Avenue, Suite 433, Eglin AFB, FL, 32542-6864, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>10 -- Sensor Fuzed Weapon (SFW) Load Assembly & Pack processing facility transition
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-FA8677-07-C-0001-P000XX
<RESPDATE>010408
<CONTACT>Tessie Dunaway, Contract Specialist, Phone (850)883-3880, Fax 850-882-2533, Email tessie.dunaway@eglin.af.mil - Brandon Burton, Contracting Officer, Phone (850)882-9010 x 4127, Fax (850)882-2421, Email brandon.burton@eglin.af.mil
<DESC>The 308th Armament Systems Wing (ARSW), 308th Armament Systems Group (ARSG), 683rd Armament Systems Squadron (ARSS) Sensor Fuzed Weapon (SFW) Program Office, is planning to award sole source contracts to Textron Defense Systems (TDS) in Wilmington, MA for support to transition the SFW warhead production and Load, Assemble, and Pack (LAP) processing from Kansas Army Ammunition Plant (KSAAP) to McAlester Army Ammunition Plant (MCAAP) due to the Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) law.  

The contractor must be able to maintain an aggressive schedule for all transfer activities and weapon production and LAP prove out at MCAAP. Completion is scheduled for FY 09.  It is imperative all actions are successful in order to produce SFW by the MCAAP workforce starting in FY08.  The contractor must provide the following:
-	Expert oversight and guidance on installation of the equipment,
-	Inspection and validation of all test equipment, 
-	Meet current Traceability information system requirements, 
-	All up round weapon prove out, 
-	Accomplish procedures for training and certification of MCAAP personnel,
-	Provide expert guidance on LAP floor planning, 
-	Number of personnel and skill level required for safe and efficient SFW production, 
-	Technical knowledge and necessary engineering drawings required to produce SFW in accordance with current operational specifications, 
-	The necessary personnel and skill set required to conduct expert guidance in the assembly process of SFW, 
-	The necessary personnel and skill set required to resolve any and all failures experienced during the SFW prove out at MCAAP, 
-	Viable vendor base and established contracts with those vendors to expedite SFW component purchasing to meet FY08 component ordering necessary for SFW assembly training and weapon prove out schedule, 
-	Possess or have access to any and all proprietary material necessary to produce an operationally qualified SFW.

The Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of   FAR 6.302-1(a)(2)(ii).  No RDT&E funds are available for this effort; therefore interested parties must submit statements of capability (SOC) or capabilities package addressing the  (1) Demonstrated technical knowledge of SFW requirements for operational performance; (2) Adequate knowledge of production processes and production capabilities to produce, assemble and prove out the MCAAP facility for an operational SFW according to current operational specifications; (3) Ability to perform required tests of the SFW for prove out; (4) Ability to provide the necessary expertise to meet the MCAAP FY09 schedule.  This effort requires contractor personnel be cleared for access to SECRET NOFORN.

  Responses to this synopsis should be submitted for receipt by the Government within 30 days of the publication date and must state whether the potential source is a small business concern IAW FAR 52.219-1.  The NAIC Code/Size Standards is 332993/1500 employees.  THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL AND IS NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT.  Interested sources should contact Ms. Tessie Dunaway, Contract Specialist, 850-883-3880, FAX (850) 882-2533 or Mr. Brandon Burton, Contracting Officer, 850-883-3490, FAX (850) 882-2533 or Capt Belva Hickey, Project Manager, 850-883-4738.  For logistical information on this synopsis, contact Mr. Dave Osborn, 850-883-3863.  Collect calls will not be accepted. Numbered Notes 22, 25,& 26 apply.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AAC/Reference-Number-FA8677-07-C-0001-P000XX/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>McAlester Army Ammunition Plan (MCAAP),McAlester,OK 74501-9002
<POPZIP>74501-9002
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFFTC - AF Flight Test Center
<ZIP>93524-1185
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFFTC - AF Flight Test Center, 5 S WOLFE AVE, Edwards AFB, CA, 93524-1185, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>58 -- L &S Band Multi-Mode Digital Transmitters
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-FA9302-08-R-0005
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>12262008
<CONTACT>Judy Pace, Contractor Specialist, Phone 661-277-9559, Fax 661-277-0470, Email judy.pace@edwards.af.mil - Teresa Weber, Supervisory, Contracting Officer, Phone 661-275-9448, Fax 661-275-9670, Email teresa.weber@edwards.af.mil
<DESC>This is a Sources-Sought Synopsis.  The Air Force Flight Test Center (AFFTC), 412 Test Wing, Edwards AFB, CA is seeking sources with demonstrated expertise and experience to meet the following requirement for a contract for L and S band multi-mode digital transmitters to support telemetry systems for the following programs at Edwards AFB and other military installations:  Joint Strike Fighter (JSF), B-1 Bombers and F-22. The telemetry transmitters supplied must be in exact form, fit, and function in accordance with the following specifications, including software that controls the transmitters. The telemetry systems must also be flight and environmentally certified.

Electrical connections:  for existing connections:  
Clock and Data ? DJT02H-8-35PN (MS27476) (Detoronics)
Mode Control ? MWDM1L-9S-6C4 -.500P (Glenair)
Frequency Control ? MWDM1L-15S-6C4 -.500P (Glenair)
DC Power In ? PT02H-8-4P (CDI*)*Component Distributors, Inc.
RF Power Output ? 9012-2CC (CDI)
Description:   Connector Type     Mating Connector
Clock and Data ? DJT02H-8-35PN (MS27476)  MS27484 (Detoronics)
Mode Control  MWDM1L-9S-6C4 -.500P    MWDM1L-9P-6E7-18K (Glenair)
Frequency Control   MWDM1L-15S-6C4-.500P    MWDM1L-15P-6E7-18K (Glenair)
DC Power In  PT02H-8-4P   PT06A-8-4S or MS3116F8-4S  9012-2CC    
		9009-2SF(TNC) (CDI*)*Component Distributors, Inc.
Dimensions:  3.50?L X 2.50?W X1.30?H

1.	Both models shall transmit all three Advanced Range Telemetry waveforms: ARTM Tier II (Multi-h CPM), Tier I (SOQPSK), & Tier 0 (PCM/FM). Tier I shall be able to be utilized at data rates up to 27.8 Mbps. Spectral masks must meet or exceed IRIG 106 telemetry standards.

2.	Both models shall include units formatted with Forward Error Correction/Turbo Product Code (FEC/TPC) feature to extend link margin.  FEC/TPC must be fully compatible with that used on Hypermod demodulators.

3.	Mechanical and electrical interfaces must be identical to the currently installed Hypermod L and S band transmitters in various aircraft at Edwards AFB and other installations as stated above.

4.	Lower L-band models must be software switchable between two power output levels of 10 watts and 20 watts RF output minimum in all modes.

5.	Models must be available with the ability to transmit 5, 10 or 20 watts in L and S band transmitters minimum RF output in all modes and all specified operating conditions.

The contract shall include maintenance/repair, software upgrade that controls each applicable L and S band transmitters and on-site technical support.  The contractor must have the ability to provide on-site technical support to these multi-service programs in all specified locations in and outside of CONUS.

Firms having an interest, capability, and appropriate background are invited to submit particulars of qualification and experience.  Responses shall include sufficient information to demonstrate the experience and capability to perform all areas of the required support as part of a qualification package.  Drawings, diagrams, or figures may be provided as an attachment to the response to clarify stated capabilities.  The statement of capability shall include relevant background and experience, with contract numbers, names and telephone numbers of contracting office and technical office point of contacts (POCs) for each contract.

Please note that this synopsis is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation for competitive bids/proposals and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government.  

Firms responding to this notice must reference solicitation #: FA9302-08-R-0005 and indicate whether or not that they are a small business concern as defined in FAR 52.219-1.  The NAICS code is 334220.  The Small Business size standard is 750.  

The information received as a result of this synopsis will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.  A determination by the Air Force not to open the requirement to open competition, based on response to this sources sought synopsis, is solely within the discretion of the Air Force.  The Government does not intend to pay for any information provided under this sources sought synopsis.  

All responses may be sent via e-mail judy.pace@edwards.af.mil  or mailed to AFFTC/PKEA, 5 South Wolfe Ave, Edwards AFB, CA 93524-1185, Attention: Judy Pace.  Fax Number: 661-277-0470, please verify receipt of fax via email to Judy Pace.  Responses to this sources sought synopsis are due in the office by Close of Business (COB), December 21, 2007. *****ANY TECHNICAL QUESTIONS NEED TO BE FORWARDED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE TO JUDY PACE.  THE DUE DATE FOR THE SYNOPSIS RESPONSE DATE OF 21-DEC-07 IS NOT EXPECTED TO BE EXTENDED.*******
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFFTC/Reference-Number-FA9302-08-R-0005/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>EDWARDS AFB
<POPZIP>93524
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
<LOCATION>Office of Acquisition and Grants Management
<ZIP>21244-1850
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541720
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, Office of Acquisition and Grants Management, 7500 Security Blvd. C2-21-15, Baltimore, MD, 21244-1850, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey (MCBS)
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-MCBS
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<CONTACT>Charles Littleton, Contract Specialist, Phone 410-786-3291, Fax 410-786-9088, Email charles.Littleton@cms.hhs.gov - William Tate, Contracting Officer, Phone 410-786-1535, Fax 410-786-9922, Email wtate@cms.hhs.gov
<DESC>SOURCES SOUGHT/REQUEST FOR INFORMATION
MEDICARE CURRENT BENEFICIARY SURVEY (MCBS)
SURVEY DESIGN, SAMPLING, AND COMPUTER ASSISTED PERSONAL INTERVIEWING (CAPI) DATA COLLECTION CONTRACTOR
General Information:
This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE to determine the availability of potential small businesses (e.g., 8(a), service-disabled veteran owned small business, HUBZone small business, small disadvantaged business, veteran-owned small business, and women-owned small business) that can provide the required services for The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).   
The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code is 541720, 541712.  This is not an invitation for bid, request for quote or other solicitation and in no way obligates the Government to award a contract. 

This announcement is a Request for Information (RFI) for planning purposes only.  

Project Background:
The Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey (MCBS) is a national ongoing, multi-purpose, face-to-face survey of a representative sample of the Medicare population.  The survey was first fielded in September of 1991 and has remained continuously fielded, without interruption to the data collection since its first fielding.  The MCBS is sponsored by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).  

The MCBS is a longitudinal rotating panel survey.  Each year a new panel of approximately 6,000 survey participants is added to the survey and one panel is retired.  Sample persons are interviewed three times each year over a four year period using the Computer Assisted Personal Interviewing methodology.  These surveys form a continuous profile of each individual's personal health care experience.  The MCBS is thus uniquely capable of tracking changes in coverage and other personal circumstances, and observing processes that occur over time, such as people leaving their homes and taking up residence in long-term care facilities, or spending down their assets for medical care until they become eligible for Medicaid.

Respondents for the MCBS are sampled from the Medicare enrollment file to be representative of the Medicare population as a whole.  The sample size was designed to yield about 12,000 completed cases annually.  The sample was drawn from 107 primary sampling units (PSUs) or major geographic areas chosen to represent the nation, including the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, with a second stage of 1,163 geographic clusters defined by ZIP Code initially drawn within those PSUs.  

It is absolutely essential that the data collected be nationally representative, scientifically sound, valid and reliable.  Once the data are collected, they are cleaned, validated, scored, and aggregated to develop comprehensive data sets.  These data are then transmitted to CMS and/or its Designees.  

Instructions/Requirements for Submitting RFI Responses to CMS:
Interested parties having the corporate capability and expertise necessary to perform the stated requirements, may submit capability statements via email to charles.littleton@cms.hhs.gov.  Email responses on or before 10:00am (local prevailing time) December 18, 2007.   Please limit responses to no more than 10 pages total (excluding references and appendicies).  CMS software standard is MS Word.  Therefore, responses should be submitted in a Word or Word comparable document.  Page size should be 8.5 by 11 inches.  Font should be no smaller than Times-Roman 12 point.

CMS requests that respondents specifically address each question identified below.  In general, while this RFI is not a request for a technical proposal, respondents should provide enough information for CMS to make a determination as to the capability to perform the same or similar work.  
RFI responses should include, at a minimum, the information identified in each of the following:
1. Business Information
a. Company Name
b. Company Address
c. D&B DUNS Number
d. Current GSA contract(s) and/or schedules(s) that you possess which are appropriate to this Sources Sought/RFI.
e. Does your organization have a Government approved accounting system? If so, please identify the agency that approved the system.
f. Type of company (e.g., small business, 8(a), veteran-owned small business, service-disabled veteran owned small business, HUBZone small business, small disadvantaged business, and women owned small business) as validated via the Central Contractor Registration (CCR).  
g. Company Point of Contact ? Name, Phone and Email address
h. Point of contact, phone and email address of individuals who can corroborate the demonstrated capabilities identified in the responses.
i. NOTE: Teaming Arrangements -  All teaming arrangements shall also include the above-cited information and certifications for each entity on the proposed team. Teaming arrangements are encouraged.  Teams should be identified and the roles for each business entity in the listed for each capability point.
2. Please describe your general overall experience in, and/or ability to provide with teaming partners, questionnaire design, including item design, and testing, in vulnerable populations including the aged (over age 65) and disabled.
3. Please describe your general overall experience in, and/or ability to provide with teaming partners, the use of complex statistical sampling techniques to develop a sampling design that ensures maximum national representativeness at best value.
4. Please describe your experience in, and/or ability to provide with teaming partners, implementation of the Computer Assisted Personal Interviewing (CAPI) data collection methodology in large population-based surveys (i.e. approximately 48,000 in-person surveys administered each year).
5. Please identify if you maintain, and/or are able to provide with teaming partners,  statisticians and/or survey research methodologists at the PhD level.
6. Please describe current or past projects where your firm or teaming partners have been successful in implementing population-based surveys either in the public or private sector.  Please include a brief description of the methodology, your role in developing the methodology and the challenges you faced in implementing the project.

Other Information:

? Proprietary Information and Disclaimers:  All transmitted information marked proprietary shall be treated as such.  Therefore, respondents should identify any proprietary information in its RFI response.  Information submitted in response to this RFI will be used at the discretion of the Government.  Proprietary materials will neither be distributed, nor discussed with any other organization or business.  Further, the information submitted will remain confidential insofar as permitted by law, including the Freedom of Information and Privacy Acts.  CMS reserves the right to utilize any non-proprietary technical information in the anticipated SOW or solicitation.
? Respondents should be aware that this RFI is for marketing purposes only and any responses submitted do not constitute a commitment by CMS to treat any offeror more or less favorably in any anticipated forthcoming solicitation and/or ultimate award.
? Responses to the RFI are not offers and cannot be accepted by CMS to form a binding contract.  CMS does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this RFI, or to otherwise pay for the information solicited.  No reimbursement for costs will be made associated with providing information in response to this RFI or follow-up information request.
? Responses to the RFI will not be returned and will not be accepted after the due date.  All communications shall be by email.  
? Respondents will not be notified of the results of the review of the responses. Information received will be considered solely to make informed decisions regarding a potential procurement.

On behalf of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, thank you for your interest in the Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/HCFA/AGG/Reference-Number-MCBS/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS)
C2-21-15 Central Building
7500 Security Boulevard
Baltimore, Maryland
<POPZIP>21244-1850
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
<LOCATION>Office of Acquisition and Grants Management
<ZIP>21244-1850
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541720
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, Office of Acquisition and Grants Management, 7500 Security Blvd. C2-21-15, Baltimore, MD, 21244-1850, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- Midicare Current Beneficiary Survey
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-MCBS2
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<CONTACT>Charles Littleton, Contract Specialist, Phone 410-786-3291, Fax 410-786-9088, Email charles.Littleton@cms.hhs.gov - William Tate, Contracting Officer, Phone 410-786-1535, Fax 410-786-9922, Email wtate@cms.hhs.gov
<DESC>SOURCES SOUGHT/REQUEST FOR INFORMATION
MEDICARE CURRENT BENEFICIARY SURVEY (MCBS)
SURVEY DATA VALIDATION, DATA ANALYSIS, DATA DISSEMINATION, EDUCATION, AND OUTREACH
General Information:
This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE to determine the availability of potential of service-disabled veteran owned small business (SDVOSB), and HUBZone small business, to provide the required services for The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).  Although it is our intent to find SDVOSB or HUBZone businesses other Small Businesses that meet the requirements may also respond. 
The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code is 541720,541712.  This is not an invitation for bid, request for quote or other solicitation and in no way obligates the Government to award a contract.  
This announcement is a Request for Information (RFI) for planning purposes only.  
Project Background:
The Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey (MCBS) is a national ongoing, multi-purpose, face-to-face survey of a representative sample of the Medicare population.  The survey was first fielded in September of 1991 and has remained continuously fielded, without interruption to the data collection since its first fielding.  The MCBS is sponsored by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).  

The MCBS is a longitudinal rotating panel survey.  Each year a new panel of approximately 6,000 survey participants is added to the survey and one panel is retired.  Sample persons are interviewed three times each year over a four year period using the Computer Assisted Personal Interviewing methodology.  These surveys form a continuous profile of each individual's personal health care experience.  The MCBS is thus uniquely capable of tracking changes in coverage and other personal circumstances, and observing processes that occur over time, such as people leaving their homes and taking up residence in long-term care facilities, or spending down their assets for medical care until they become eligible for Medicaid.

Respondents for the MCBS are sampled from the Medicare enrollment file to be representative of the Medicare population as a whole.  The sample size was designed to yield about 12,000 completed cases annually.  The sample was drawn from 107 primary sampling units (PSUs) or major geographic areas chosen to represent the nation, including the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, with a second stage of 1,163 geographic clusters defined by ZIP Code initially drawn within those PSUs.  

The purpose of this action is to assess the capability of a Contractor:  to validate - in a scientifically sound method - each new round of MCBS data; to document this validation process through the production and dissemination of reports to CMS and/or its Designees; to provide education and outreach to MCBS data users; to provide technical assistance to data users; and to conduct applied research in support of the MCBS program and current CMS program goals and objectives.
Instructions/Requirements for Submitting RFI Responses to CMS:
Interested parties having the corporate capability and expertise necessary to perform the stated requirements may submit capability statements via email to charles.littleton@cms.hhs.gov.  Email responses on or before 10:00am (local prevailing time) December 18, 2007.   Please limit responses to no more than 10 pages total (excluding references and appendicies).  CMS software standard is MS Word.  Therefore, responses should be submitted in a Word or Word comparable document.  Page size should be 8.5 by 11 inches.  Font should be no smaller than Times-Roman 12 point.
CMS requests that respondents specifically address each question identified below.  In general, while this RFI is not a request for a technical proposal, respondents should provide enough information for CMS to make a determination as to the capability to provide the same or similar work as identified in the draft SOW.  
RFI responses should include, at a minimum, the information identified in each of the following:
1.	Business Information
a.	Company Name
b.	Company Address
c.	D&B DUNS Number
d.	Current GSA contract(s) and/or schedules(s) that you possess which are appropriate to this Sources Sought/RFI.
e.	Does your organization have a Government approved accounting system?  If so, please identify the agency that approved the system.
f.	Type of company (e.g., small business, 8(a), veteran-owned small business, service-disabled veteran owned small business, HUBZone small business, small disadvantaged business, and women owned small business) as validated via the Central Contractor Registration (CCR).  
g.	Company Point of Contact ? Name, Phone and Email address
h.	Point of contact, phone and email address of individuals who can corroborate the demonstrated capabilities identified in the responses.
i.	NOTE: Teaming Arrangements -  All teaming arrangements shall also include the above-cited information and certifications for each entity on the proposed team. Teaming arrangements are encouraged.  Teams should be identified and the roles for each business entity in the listed for each capability point.
2.	Please describe your general overall experience in, and/or ability to provide with teaming partners,  the development and implementation of population-based survey data validation techniques to ensure that data files are representative, methodologically sound and valid.
3.	Please describe your general overall experience in, and/or ability to provide with teaming partners,  the development of documentation and design of reports of these validation efforts.
4.	Please describe your general overall experience in, and/or ability to provide with teaming partners, the design and implementation of a population-based survey research dissemination strategy. 
5.	Please identify if you maintain, and/or are able to provide with teaming partners, statisticians and/or survey research methodologists at the PhD level.
6.	Please describe no more than three (3) current or past research projects where your firm or teaming partners have been successful in analyzing population-based survey data either in the public or private sector using cutting-edge, state-of-the-science techniques and methods.  Please include a scientific abstract of the project and complete citations to any peer-reviewed publications that resulted from the work.

Other Information:

?	Proprietary Information and Disclaimers:  All transmitted information marked proprietary shall be treated as such.  Therefore, respondents should identify any proprietary information in its RFI response.  Information submitted in response to this RFI will be used at the discretion of the Government.  Proprietary materials will neither be distributed, nor discussed with any other organization or business.  Further, the information submitted will remain confidential insofar as permitted by law, including the Freedom of Information and Privacy Acts.  CMS reserves the right to utilize any non-proprietary technical information in the anticipated SOW or solicitation.
?	Respondents should be aware that this RFI is for marketing purposes only and any responses submitted do not constitute a commitment by CMS to treat any offeror more or less favorably in any anticipated forthcoming solicitation and/or ultimate award.
?	Responses to the RFI are not offers and cannot be accepted by CMS to form a binding contract.  CMS does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this RFI, or to otherwise pay for the information solicited.  No reimbursement for costs will be made associated with providing information in response to this RFI or follow-up information request.
?	Responses to the RFI will not be returned and will not be accepted after the due date.  All communications shall be by email.  
?	Respondents will not be notified of the results of the review of the responses. Information received will be considered solely to make informed decisions regarding a potential procurement.

On behalf of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, thank you for your interest in the Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/HCFA/AGG/Reference-Number-MCBS2/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS)
AGG/Research Contracts and Grants Division
C2-21-15 Central Building
7500 Security Boulevard
Baltimore, Maryland
<POPZIP>21244-1850
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Health Resources and Services Administration
<LOCATION>Division of Procurement Management
<ZIP>20857
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541618
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, Health Resources and Services Administration, Division of Procurement Management, 5600 Fishers Lane, Room 13A-19, Rockville, MD, 20857, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Technical Assistance for OHRP
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-TAORHP-mh
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Michael Herbst, Competitive Sourcing Specialist, Phone (301) 443-2353, Fax (301) 443-5462, Email mherbst@hrsa.gov - Frank Murphy, Contracting Officer, Phone (301) 443-5165, Fax (301) 443-6038, Email fmurphy@hrsa.gov
<DESC>The Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) Office of Rural Health Policy (ORHP) is the focal point for rural health activities within HHS. The Office is statutorily required in Title VII (Section 711) of the Social Security Act to advise the Secretary on the effects of current policies and regulatory changes in the programs established under titles XVIII (Medicare) and XIX (Medicaid) on the financial viability of small rural hospitals, the ability of rural areas to attract and retain physicians and other health professionals and access to (and the quality of) health care in rural areas.

The ORHP located in HRSA is conducting a Sources Sought/Market Survey to determine the existence of businesses capable of assisting ORHP coordinate activities within HHS that relate to rural health care and provide relevant information to the Secretary and others in the Department.
The HRSA is seeking to identify the availability of potential small businesses (e.g., 8(a), service-disabled veteran owned small business, HUB Zone small business, small disadvantaged business, veteran-owned small business, and women-owned small business) with capabilities or prior experience that can provide a broad range of services designed to strengthen OHRP?s support of rural communities.

Potential sources/interested parties shall provide relevant information which specifically demonstrates ability and appropriate staff to provide: specialized technical assistance, training and information resources to State Rural Health Associations and Rural Medical Educators; conduct skill building workshops for these grass roots entities to include two emerging issues in rural health education policy forums; develop leadership capacity at the grassroots level; and gather information about the effects of implementation of Medicare and Medicaid reforms on rural health access to services, providers, pharmacists and systems of care. Documentation  of these capabilities may include both Government and commercial contracts, references(names, telephone numbers and email addresses) and any other information serving to document the organization? capability. The submission must also include the small business size status. The anticipated period of performance is two years. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 541618.

 THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), this request is for planning purposes only, and does not constitute an Invitation for Bids, Request for Proposals, Solicitation, Request for Quotes, or an indication the Government will contract for the items contained in the RFI. This request is not to be construed as a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this request. The Government does not reimburse respondents for any cost associated with submission of the information being requested or reimburse expenses incurred to interested parties for responses to this RFI. 

Your submission must be received in this office by 12:00 pm local time Wednesday December 19, 2007 by delivery, surface mail or fax ONLY at the following address: HHS/HRSA/DPM, Attn: Michael S. Herbst, Parklawn Building, Room 13A-19, 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, Maryland 20857-5600; phone (301) 443-5256; fax (301) 443-5462
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/HRSA/DGPM/Reference-Number-TAORHP-mh/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>GSA, FSS, Heartland Region (6FC and 6FL)
<ZIP>64131
<CLASSCOD>51
<NAICS>332212
<OFFADD>General Services Administration, Federal Supply Service (FSS), GSA, FSS, Heartland Region (6FC and 6FL), 1500 East Bannister Road, Kansas City, MO, 64131, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>51 -- SPQ-5120-00-900-6103-JJ
<SOLNBR>SPQ-5120-00-900-6103-JJ
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Jerry Johnson, Contract Specalist, Phone (816) 823-1296, Fax null, Email jerry.johnson@gsa.gov - Celeste Gorman, Contracting Officer, Phone 816-926-2438, Fax 816-823-3109, Email celeste.gorman@gsa.gov
<DESC>GSA, FAS intends to establish a ?not to exceed? one year Standing Price Quote (SPQ) for the National Stock Number (NSN) 5120-00-900-6103, estimated quantity 2,049.  Quantity stated is an estimate based on the last three years usage.  

This NSN is part of GSA?s Stock Program, and will be included in an upcoming formal solicitation to be issued within the next few months.  All offers for this SPQ are to be FOB destination.  In addition to the normal clauses that apply to all GSA stock tool orders, the following clauses apply; 552.225-70 Notice of Procurement Restriction ? Hand or Measuring Tools or Stainless Steel Flatware, D-FSS-475 Bar Coding and 552.246-70 Source Inspection applies, D-FSS-468 Non-Manufactured Wood Package Material to European Union (Nov 2001). Award will be based on price and deliver (DARO). 

For questions please contact Jerry Johnson at 816-823-1296.  Please email your offers to jerry.johnson@gsa.gov no later than 5 PM CST December 7, 2007.  For a complete copy of the item description please see the attachment to this notice.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/GSA/FSS/6FE/SPQ-5120-00-900-6103-JJ/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>National Institutes of Health
<LOCATION>National Cancer Institute, Office of Acquisitions
<ZIP>20852
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541690
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health, National Cancer Institute, Office of Acquisitions, 6120 Executive Blvd. EPS Suite 600, Rockville, MD, 20852, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Central Institutional Review Board (CIRB) Initiative
<SOLNBR>SS-ETSB-2007-48
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>John Manouelian, Contract Specialist, Phone (301) 435-3813, Fax (301) 402-6699, Email jm486p@nih.gov - Richard Hartmann, Contracting Officer, Phone (301) 496-8620, Fax (301) 402-6699, Email rh75f@nih.gov
<DESC>This Sources Sought Notice (SS) is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of the National Cancer Institute (NCI).

The purpose of this SS is to identify qualified small business concerns [including Small Disadvantaged Businesses (SDB), Woman-owned Small Businesses (WOSB), Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) Small Businesses, Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) and Service-Disabled Veteran-owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB] that are interested in and capable of performing the work described herein.  The NCI does not intend to award a contract on the basis of responses nor otherwise pay for the preparation of any information submitted.  As a result of this Sources Sought notice, the NCI may issue a Request for Proposal (RFP).  THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME.  However, should such a requirement materialize, no basis for claims against NCI shall arise as a result of a response to this Sources Sought notice or the NCI?s use of such information as either part of our evaluation process or in developing specifications for any subsequent requirement.

The Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program (CTEP) of the National Cancer Institute's (NCI) Division of Cancer Treatment and Diagnosis (DCTD) is seeking capability statements from all eligible small business concerns [particularly Small Disadvantaged Businesses (SDB), Woman-owned Small Businesses (WOSB), Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) Small Businesses, Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) and Service-Disabled Veteran-owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB)] under the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 541690, with a size standard of $6,500,000 per annum.  Based on the responses received from this SOURCES SOUGHT announcement, the proposed acquisition may be solicited as a Total Small Business Set-Aside.  All eligible small business concerns responding to this Sources Sought Announcement must have the capabilities to provide on-going, comprehensive support for two functioning IRBs (one for adult trials and the other for pediatric trials), as well as facilitate new site enrollments and provide support for existing local IRBs participating in the Initiative.  In addition, the Contractor shall facilitate the NCI's efforts to promote the expansion of the Initiative to approximately 600 additional sites currently conducting NCI Cooperative Group trials.

Major tasks required of the Contractor include the following:  1) Manage and provide administrative and regulatory support for two Central IRBs (one for adult trials and one for pediatric trials); 2) Manage and support current and newly enrolled local sites; 3) Support the recruitment of new sites and conduct their integration into the Initiative; 4) Provide informatics systems to support all operations; 5) Support communications with NCI and stakeholders regarding all aspects of the Initiative; and 6) Implement and manage an Initiative-wide Quality Improvement Plan.

In addition, the following Optional Tasks may be required of the Contractor:  1) Provide support for obtaining Association for Accreditation of Human Research Protection Programs, Inc. (AAHRPP) accreditation in contract year 1 or 2, as determined by NCI; 2) Establish and maintain informatics to support Board meeting responsibilities; 3) Manage and support an additional adult CIRB, if required, as a result of expanding the pool of trials reviewed by the CIRB; 4) Enhance and update CIRB Initiative Informatics system to ensure compliance with the cancer Biomedical Informatics Grid (caBIG) principles; and 5) Develop and implement a system for utilizing central review for sites that do not have a local IRB.

As these tasks indicate, the Contractor's responsibilities are more complex than the standard management of two central IRBs.  One unusual feature of this Initiative is that every decision the CIRBs make have an impact on the NCI's trial development and distribution system; consequently, all Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) must be integrated with the relevant administrative procedures of the NCI?s Protocol Information Office (PIO) in the Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program (CTEP), the Cancer Trials Support Unit (CTSU), and the Cooperative Groups' Operations offices.  In addition, due to the high profile of this Initiative, sophisticated data management, analysis and presentation are required throughout all activities in the major tasks listed above.  The Contractor must be prepared on a frequent and often unscheduled basis to provide data to NCI on the current status of any and all activities.

In addition to the above, all eligible small business concerns must document the ability of their staff (at all levels) to meet frequently/or on short notice (within the workday), face-to-face with CTEP Program Staff.

A copy of the draft Statement of Work (SOW) pertaining to this requirement, which is subject to revisions, may be accessed at the NCI Office of Acquisitions External Website at URL:  http://rcb.nci.nih.gov/ .  Once there, click on Current Request for Proposals.  Under the Section entitled, Sources Sought Announcement, click on the notice related to this requirement, i.e., click on SS-ETSB-2007-48, entitled, Central Institutional Review Board (CIRB) Initiative.  The Statement of Work (SOW) is labeled as Attachment 1 and may be found directly under the Sources Sought number and title corresponding to this requirement on the NCI Office of Acquisitions External Website.  Interested parties are expected to review this notice and the draft SOW to familiarize yourself with the requirements of this project; failure to do so will be at your firm's own risk.

Interested qualified small business organizations should submit a tailored capability statement for this requirement, not to exceed 20 single-sided pages (including all attachments, resumes, charts, etc.) presented in single-space and using a 12-point font size minimum, that clearly details the ability to perform the aspects of the notice described above and in the draft SOW.  All proprietary information should be marked as such.  Statements should also include an indication of current certified small business status; this indication should be clearly marked on the first page of your capability statement (preferably placed under the eligible small business concern's name and address).  Responses will be reviewed only by NIH personnel and will be held in a confidential manner.
 
All capability Statements sent in response to this SOURCES SOUGHT notice must be submitted electronically (via email) to John R. Manouelian, Contracting Officer, at manouelj@mail.nih.gov in either MS Word, Wordperfect or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF), by December 19, 2007, 3:30PM, EST.  All responses must be received by the specified due date and time in order to be considered.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/NIH/RCB/SS-ETSB-2007-48/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPZIP>20892
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Direct Reporting Unit - Air Force Services Agency
<LOCATION>HQ AFSVA - AFNAFPO
<ZIP>78216-4138
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>492110
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Direct Reporting Unit - Air Force Services Agency, HQ AFSVA - AFNAFPO, 10100 Reunion Place, Ste 304, San Antonio, TX, 78216-4138, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>99 -- Category Exclusivity for shipping services that support the annual Tops In Blue Tour
<SOLNBR>TIB200801
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Rita Blalack, Sponorship Coordinator, Phone 210-652-4945, Fax 210-652-7117, Email Rita.Blalack@Randolph.AF.Mil - Rita Blalack, Sponorship Coordinator, Phone 210-652-4945, Fax 210-652-7117, Email Rita.Blalack@Randolph.AF.Mil
<DESC>Air Force Services announces the opportunity to provide commercial sponsor support of the annual Tops In Blue tour in exchange for reaching 135,0000 viewers at 125+ performances around the globe.   A full range of benefits may include display rights, ad space in the souvenir program (150,000 in print annually), millions of impressions on collateral materials, brand/logo placement on website (www.topsinblue.com) and access to audience through permission based opt-in online survey and lead capture.  Specific needs include air and ground shipping services of collateral materials and equipment.  Limited to one sponsor per product category and a maximum four(4) sponsors.  This is a solicitation for commercial sponsors by a nonapporpriated fund instrumentality of the United States Government.  It does not obligate appropriated funds of the government.  Interested companies/parties should contact the HQ Air Force Services Agency Marketing Dept, Rita Blalack via phone 210-652-4945, Fax 210-652-7117 or email: rita.blalack@randolph.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFSVA/AFNAFPO/TIB200801/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>10100 Reunion Place, Ste 306
San Antonio, TX
<POPZIP>78216
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Direct Reporting Unit - Air Force Services Agency
<LOCATION>HQ AFSVA - AFNAFPO
<ZIP>78216-4138
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>236115
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Direct Reporting Unit - Air Force Services Agency, HQ AFSVA - AFNAFPO, 10100 Reunion Place, Ste 304, San Antonio, TX, 78216-4138, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>99 -- Reach military market through 'category exclusive' sponsorship of the annual Tops In Blue tour.
<SOLNBR>TIB200802
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Rita Blalack, Sponorship Coordinator, Phone 210-652-4945, Fax 210-652-7117, Email Rita.Blalack@Randolph.AF.Mil - Rita Blalack, Sponorship Coordinator, Phone 210-652-4945, Fax 210-652-7117, Email Rita.Blalack@Randolph.AF.Mil
<DESC>Air Force Services announces the opportunity to provide commercial sponsor support of the annual Tops In Blue tour in exchange for reaching 135,000 viewers at 125+ performances around the globe.  A full range of benefits may include display rights, ad space in annual souvenir program(150,000 in print), millions of imipressions on collateral materials and promotional campaign, brand/logo placement on website (www.topsinblue.com) and access to audience through permission based opt-in online survey and lead capture.  Benefits commensurate with financial support.  Sponsorships available from $75K - $150K.  Limited to one sponsor per product category and maximum four (4) sponsors overall.  This is a soliciatation for commercial sponsors by a nonappropriated fund instrumentality of the United States Government.  It does not obligate appropriated funds of the government.  Interested companies/parties should contact the HQ Air Force Services Agency Marketing Dept, Rita Blalack
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFSVA/AFNAFPO/TIB200802/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>10100 Reunion Pl, Ste 306
San Antonio, TX
<POPZIP>78216
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Salisbury VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>28144
<CLASSCOD>Q
<NAICS>621512
<OFFADD>Colette L. Miller;Department of Veterans Affairs;VISN 6 Centralized Acquisition Service;100 Emancipation Drive;Hampton, VA
<SUBJECT>Q--Radiology InterpretatationsCenter
<SOLNBR>VA-246-08-RQ-0029
<RESPDATE>122007
<ARCHDATE>02182008
<CONTACT>Colette L. Miller
<DESC>The W.G. (Bill) Hefner VA Medical Center, 1601 Brenner Avenue, Salisbury, NC intends to negotiate a sole source commercial item procurement with Carolina's Medical Center for neuroimaging studies services.  Contract will be awarded for 6 months.  This proposed procurement is for supplies or services for which the government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority FAR 6.302.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive quotes.  However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this requirement no later than noon, December 20, 2007, local time. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based on responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government not to compete this proposed contract based on responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.  All inquiries may be sent via e-mail to Colette.Miller@va.gov. or faxed to Colette Miller at (704) 645-6005.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/SaVAMC659/SaVAMC659/VA-246-08-RQ-0029/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Colette.Miller@va.gov
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>VA Medical Center;1601 Brenner Avenue;Salisbury, NC 28144
<POPZIP>28144
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Bay Pines Health Care System
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Bay Pines Health Care System
<ZIP>33744
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>238220
<OFFADD>Bay Pines VAMC;Department of Veterans Affairs;Medical Center;10000 Bay Pines Blvd;Tampa FL  33612
<SUBJECT>Z--Z - Maintenance, repair, and alt of real propertyDemo 27 Air handling Units, Build and install 27new air handling units and provide 2temporary air handling units for the Main Hospitalat the Bay Pines VA Health Care System, FL
<SOLNBR>VA-248-08-RP-0117
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01072008
<CONTACT>John Szep Contract Specialist (727) 398-9336 (727) 398-9536 john.szep@va.gov
<DESC>Description The Bay Pines VA Health Care System, (90G), Bay Pines Florida, anticipates award of a firm fixed-price contract for Construction Services for the following requirement: Provide labor, supervision, equipment, materials, and incidentals to demo 27 existing air handling units, build/manufacture, install 27 new air handling units, and provide 2 temporary air handling units at the Bay Pines VA Healthcare System, Main Hospital Building 100, Bay Pines, Florida.  The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 238220, size standard $13 million. The contractor must have a bonding capacity of $20 million. Responses to this announcement shall determine if sufficient experience and competition exists for a competitive acquisition for one of the following categories (Note the categories are listed in descending order of preference) Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns, or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) concerns, or 8(a) concerns, or Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) program concerns.  If there are not sufficient qualified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns, or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) concerns, or 8(a) concerns, or Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) program concerns a full and open competition will be held.  The anticipated release date of the solicitation package is 15 January 2007.  The estimated construction value is between $10,000,000 and $20,000,000.  Performance Period would be 1,095 calendar days. Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns, or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) concerns, or 8(a) concerns, or Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) Program concerns having the skills and capabilities necessary to perform the stated requirements are invited to submit a capabilities statement.  The capabilities statement shall be limited to 10 pages or less and include: 1. Sources Sought announcement number and title. 2. Company name, address, point of contact with phone number and email address. 3. Individual and aggregate bonding limits and current capacity and a letter on bonding company letterhead verifying at least a $20 million bonding capacity.  4. Construction experience of similar project in size and scope performed within the last 3 years, to include: (a) Contracting Agency Address & contracting officer's name and telephone number.  (b) Contract Number, date and amount of award, date of completion of your portion of the contract. (c) Description of Items/Services provided under the contract.  (d) If performance was as a subcontractor, please provide the name, address and telephone number of the point of contact of the prime contractor. Interested firms shall submit capabilities statement to Attn: John Szep, Contract Specialist (90G), VA Medical Center, PO Box 457, Bay Pines, FL 33744 or email to John.Szep@va.gov by 2:00 PM 18 December 2007.   At this time no solicitation exists therefore a solicitation package is not available.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/BPVAMC/VAMCCO80220/VA-248-08-RP-0117/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Lindsey.Rundorff@va.gov
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
<POPADDRESS>Bay Pines VAMC;Department of Veterans Affairs;Medical Center;10000 Bay Pines Blvd;Bay Pines, FL
<POPZIP>33744
<POPCOUNTRY>United States
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Louisville VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>40206-1499
<CLASSCOD>C
<NAICS>541310
<OFFADD>Contracting Officer (90C);Department of Veterans Affairs;VA Medical Center;800 Zorn Ave;Louisville KY  40206
<SUBJECT>C--A/E Design to Renovate V A Canteen at James HQuillen, VAMC, Mt Home (Johnson City) Tennessee
<SOLNBR>VA-249-08-RP-0008
<RESPDATE>013008
<ARCHDATE>03302008
<CONTACT>Victoria S Caudill Contracting Officer 502-287-6108
<DESC>VA intends to award an A/E contract for design services at the James H Quillen VAMC, Mt Home (Johnson City), TN, for project 621-08-111, Renovate Canteen in BLDG 200.  A/E shall provide all Architectural and Engineering services necessary to design a project to upgrade the existing Canteen Dining Area in BLDG 200 and the Courtyard area of BLDG 77, to a sophisticated dining area and a Courtyard area that provides a pleasurable outdoor dining experience, at the VAMC, Mt Home, TN.  The canteen is located in the medical center core of the hospital, drawing high visibility and will need to display an upscale restaurant look making the dining area the go-to place for patients, visitors, and staff to congregate in a less hospital type setting.  The courtyard is located in the center core of outpatient clinics and emergency department allowing a break to the outside for a caf?' type setting; covered canopy areas, enclosed beverage area and stone flooring that will present a welcome setting.  Work includes some demolition including Courtyard pavers and Canteen tile flooring removal; electrical / plumbing (including sprinkler) modifications; HVAC modifications / balancing, new ceilings, lighting, laminated wood flooring, and all required new finish work.  A/E will be required to develop Bid Alternates as necessary to assure award of contract within available funds. A/E firm is required to ensure that the completed designs are in full compliance with all applicable codes and VA design guidelines.  This notice is issued subject to availability of funds and is not a request for proposal.  Applicable NAICS is 541310, size standard of $4.5 MIL.  Estimated cost range for construction is between $250,000 and $500,000. A/E firms that possess experience in this type of design renovation may submit SF 330 (three (3) copies required) to Vicky Caudill, Contracting Officer (90C), VA Medical Center, 800 Zorn Avenue, Louisville, KY 40206-1499.  Submissions must identify the solicitation number VA249-08-RP-0008 and must be received not later than January 30, 2008 @ 2:30 PM local time.  This is not a request for proposals.  No solicitation package or bidder/plan holder list will be issued.  Award of a contract is subject to availability of funding.  See NN 24
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/LoVAMC603/LoVAMC603/VA-249-08-RP-0008/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>victoria.caudill@va.gov
<DESC>Contracting Officer
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
<POPADDRESS>James H Quillen VAMC;Bldg 42, Second Street;Mountain Home (Johnson City) Tennessee
<POPZIP>37684
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>TACOM - Picatinny, Center for  Contracting and Commerce
<ZIP>07806-5000
<CLASSCOD>A
<OFFADD>US Army ARDEC, AMSTA-AR-PC, Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey 07806-5000
<SUBJECT>A--105mm Precision Munition Capabilities Development APBI
<SOLNBR>W15QKN-08-X-0244
<RESPDATE>011508
<ARCHDATE>02142008
<CONTACT>Richard Wheelwright, Contract Specialist, (973)724-3941
<DESC>Contracting Office Address US Army ARDEC, AMSTA-AR-PC, Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey 07806-5000  Description Precision munitions increase the effectiveness of the US Army in the complex  and urban terrain of the current battlefield where collateral damage is  unacceptable.  Affordable precision munitions are a primary goal of the US  Army in an effort to achieve this increase in effectiveness at a reduced cost. The US Army Armament Research Development and Engineering Center (ARDEC)  located at Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey is seeking companies or organizations  interested in entering into a research and product development partnership  through the use of a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA).  The motivation for this partnership is to support the development of a 105mm  Precision Guided Munition that will result in a Guide to Hit demonstration.  A Government airframe design is expected to achieve increased accuracy at  extended ranges in an effort to meet an emerging 105mm Precision Munition  Capabilities Development Document (CDD). This airframe may use Global  Positioning System (GPS) and possibly a reduced state Inertial Measurement  Unit (IMU) and a simple actuator system for its guidance and control; a rocket  motor for post launch impulse, and actuator induced glide for extended range.  An integrated fuzing system and enhanced lethality warhead may also be  demonstrated separately. Interested parties should respond to this CRADA announcement with their intent  to attend an Industry Day at ARDEC on 17 December 2007, followed by a CRADA  submission describing the proposed effort. The Industry Day will be held in the Trifiletti Conference Room, Bldg. 65, at  Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey on 17 December 2007, 9 A.M. to 11 A.M., One on  One breakout conference rooms will be made avaialable as required during the  afternoon.  Interested Industry outside of the United States of America may  request participation, but authorization for such participation cannot be  guaranteed. It should also be noted that attendance by foreign representatives  is contingent upon their submitting and getting approval of an embassy- sponsored visit request. Please be aware that all visitors, including those escorted by Picatinny or  Contractor personnel with valid Picatinny ID, are required to process in  through the Visitor Control Center located at the Main Gate.  To be issued a  vehicle and personal entry pass you MUST have some form of valid photo ID,  i.e. Drivers License, Passport, etc.  This policy includes all vehicle  passengers.  In addition, individuals operating vehicles without a Picatinny decal affixed  will be required to process in through the Visitor Control Center and must  provide your license and registration. All vehicles entering Picatinny will be  subject to search for weapons, ammunition, drugs, alcoholic beverages,  photographic equipment, and recording devices.     Objective The objective of this notice is to seek out industry partners to help bring a  Government design of a 105mm Precision Munition to a successful guided flight  demonstration.   Through this CRADA, ARDEC in collaboration with ARL may provide: 1.	Airframe design 2.	Wind tunnel data 3.	Aeroballistics and CFD modeling and analyses 4.	Finite Element and structural analyses 5.	Warhead design and analyses 6.	Actuator and control algorithm development 7.	GPS Algorithm augmentation 8.	Inertial sensing and telemetry   9.	Fuze design 10.	Slip band design 11.	Actuator design 12.	Interior Ballistics and charge development analyses 13.	Testing and evaluation ARDEC is seeking Industry expertise in: 1.	GPS receiver manufacture and integration 2.	Flight processor manufacture and integration 3.	GPS Algorithms for position and roll orientation 4.	GPS Algorithm Interface with actuator  5.	Telemetry manufacture and integration 6.	Antenna design, manufacture and integration 7.	Rocket motor design, manufacture and integration  8.	Fuze design and manufacture 9.	Metal part fabrication and assembly Multiple CRADAs may be pursued in order to increase the likelihood of a  successful guided flight demonstration.  Headquartered at Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey, ARDEC is the Armys principal  researcher, developer and sustainer of current and future armaments and  munitions systems.  ARDEC maintains a world-class workforce to execute and  manage integrated life-cycle engineering processes for the research,  development, production, field support and demilitarization of armaments,  munitions, fire control and associated items. Further information regarding  the facilities and services provided by ARDEC can be found at www.pica.army.mil ARDEC will work with CRADA partners to apply System Engineering principles and  methodology to document the performance and other improvements that result  from the collaborative effort. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Data Security  ARDEC respects the importance of corporate intellectual property and data  security while balancing the need to document the benefits of public  expenditures. Provisions relating to proprietary information and intellectual  property shall be set forth in the CRADA.  ARDEC seeks Government Purpose License Rights (GPLR) to the inventions, data  and software developed and demonstrated under this agreement in order to allow  a future acquisition program to be conducted using full and open competition.   Industry Partners are required to make a declarative statement of perceived  Limited Rights to technologies offered under this agreement. CRADA submissions Descriptions of the proposed CRADA efforts should be submitted electronically  by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, January 15 th 2008. An industry day will be held at  ARDEC December 17th 2007. CRADA proposals submitted after the January 15 th  2008 deadline may be considered if suitable CRADA collaborators are not  selected from among the timely responses. Final negotiations of CRADA  agreements, terms, and conditions will be completed after initial discussions  have concluded.      The CRADA submission and inquiries should be directed to the Point of Contact  listed below Submissions should be limited to 10 pages and desired content will be  disclosed at the Industry Day. CRADA submissions should also include: the  names, addresses, telephone numbers, facsimile numbers, and email addresses of  the primary contact person. Single page resumes of key project participants  and a company profile may be included but are not counted in the 10 page  maximum length. ARDEC intends to enter appropriate CRADA partnerships that are best suited to  accomplishing the stated project objectives.  NOTE:  This effort is NOT an acquisition and will not involve the provision of  funding to any CRADA partner.  This notice should not be construed in any  manner as a commitment on behalf of the USG to conduct any follow-on  acquisition action.  The USG may or may not pursue an acquisition as a result  of this CRADA effort.  Point of Contact Tim Ryan, email: timothy.s.ryan@us.army.mil, phone 973-724-7953, US Army  ARDEC, ATTN: AMSRD-AAR-EMB, Building 1, Picatinny Arsenal, NJ  07806-5000 Place of Performance Address:	ARDEC Postal Code:	07806-5000 Country:	UNITED STATES
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE30/W15QKN-08-X-0244/listing.html
<DESC>US ARMY TACOM-Picatinny Procurement Network
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>richard.wheelwright@us.army.mil
<DESC>Richard Wheelwright
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Sustainment Command
<ZIP>61299-6500
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541618
<OFFADD>US Army Sustainment Command, ATTN:  AMSFS-CCA, Rock Island, IL  61299-6500
<SUBJECT>D--Demil analysis and technical support.
<SOLNBR>W52P1J-07-JH-0001
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>02172008
<CONTACT>John Hemmen, 309-782-3625
<DESC>This is a Sources Sought/Market Research announcement to identify interest in a requirement for the Joint Munitions Command (JMC) which requires contractor assistance to conduct analysis and technical support in planning and implementing a demilitari zation program tailored to meet the Office for Product Manager for Demilitarization (OPM for Demil) Strategic Plan requirements.     The NAICS code FOR this announcement is 541618, Other Management Consulting Services, with a small business size standard o f $6.5M.     Please indicate you business size with your information.     This announcement is in support of Market Research performed by the United States Army Sustainment Command to determine interest in multiple year services contract for the JMC Demili tarization Optimizer Program for Fiscal Years 2008 through 2012.       SCOPE:     JMC has the following Technical Requirements:     The contractor shall provide analytical and technical support in planning and implementing a demilitarization program specif ically tailored to meet the Office for Product Manager for Demilitarization (OPM for Demil) Strategic Plan     requirements.     This supp ort may include, but not be limited to, analysis of various relocation and demilitarization options, development of v arious execution scenarios, and assistance in developing the final implementation plan. The contractor shall provide analytical and technical support in monitoring, tracking, problem solving, and exploration of enhancements for the execution of the annual conventional ammunition demilitarization program.     The contractor shall provide analytical and technical support to the conventional ammunition demilitarization program managers, both Organic and Commercial, in developing budgetary and related financial  plans and reports.     The contractor shall provide analytical and technical expertise as directed in the development and refinement of one-time or reoccurring reports/analyses/taskings required internally, or by higher echelons, to support the planning, develop, or execution of the conventional ammunition demilitarization program/plan.     The contractor shall support, as directed, the Distribution/ Workload Integration Project (Logistics Life Cycle).       The contractor shall evaluate the Demilitarizati on Optimizer program to identify potential enhancements.     Identified enhancements will be qualified and/or quantified in terms of cost, schedule, and quality.     The Government will evaluate proposed enhancements and direct their implementation. The go vernment uses the Demil Chain Optimizer Model for long range demil planning, support for Program Objective Memorandum submissions, installation workloading and     special studies as directed.     The Optimizer model is programmed in Visual Basic, uses com mercial-off-the-shelf optimization software and models the major elements of the demil program to include capability, capacity and costs for demil as well as management decision simulations.     The contractor shall provide analytical, programming, and tec hnical support to the (OPM for Demil), HQ, Joint Munitions Command (JMC), the U.S. Army Defense Ammunition Center (DAC), the Joint Ordnance Commanders Group (JOCG) Demilitarization/Disposal Subgroup, integrated process team, and other forums for studies, M unitions Items Disposition Action System (MIDAS) support, and in support of the Demil Chain Optimizer Model and its supporting databases.     This support may include, but     not be limited to, analysis of potential locations for technology insertion, ana lysis of the applicability of new or existing technologies in the demilitarization program, and identification of areas/MIDAS families where new technology initiatives could b e beneficial.     MIDAS is an ongoing program managed by the DAC in McAlester, O K with programmatic support provided by Argonne National Laboratory. MIDAS provides a central source of the most accurate information on the structure and compo sition data for conventional munitions.     MIDAS supports demilitarization planning; resource reuse, recovery and recycling; demil technology R&D applications; and environmental permitting and impact assessments. The contractor shall execute the Demil Cha in Optimizer Model in support of specific analyses at the direct ion of the Government.     The contractor shall perform all tasks necessary to update the Demil Chain Optimizer Model databases with new/revised capability, capacity, and cost data.     Data enhancements may also take the form of parametric data values such as statistically derived man-hour standards and cost estimates.     The contractor shall also perform quality control of the data to ensure the integrity of the database.     The contractor  shall recommend enhancements to the database. The contractor shall validate the statistically derived man-hour standards and the resulting cost data.     The contractor shall also validate other parametric data values used in the Demil Chain Optimizer Mod el as directed by the Government.     The contractor shall conduct analyses of Service demil generations forecasts and update the Demil Chain Optimizer Model databases as dictated by the results of the analyses.     The contractor shall maintain a referenc e database relating National Stock Numbers (NSNs) to assigned MIDAS families, nomenclatures, and pro-rated weights.     The contractor shall, at the direction of the Government, update the Cost Analysis Requirements Documents associated with new and emergi ng demilitarization technologies, consistent with data received from the developers of those technologies.     The contractor shall assist the Government with specific studies to address issues facing the demilitarization program.     Assistance shall cons ist of, but not be limited to, development of costs and modification/execution of the Demil Cha in Optimizer Model in support of specific analyses, development of data for in-process reviews, and/or briefings and report preparation.     The contractor shal l develop demilitarization cost estimates to support developers of new or modified ammunition items     or for items for which no demilitarization cost estimates have previously been made.     The contractor shall perform data analyses to support JMC demil itarization program managers in responding to queries and requests for information as requested by the Government.     The contractor shall provide a revised Demil Chain Optimizer Model Users Manual that incorporates updates to the model and/or its support ing databases. The following will be submittals needed to successfully complete the tasks.     A monthly progress report detailing accomplishments and expenditures at the completion of each month shall be submitted.     The BRAC planning documents and impl ementation strategy, with supporting documentation as needed.     Monthly status report identifying changes to the demil stockpile, program issues, and potential enhancements.     Budgetary and financial reports and plans as needed to support the Conventio nal Ammunition Demilitarization Program. Reports, analyses, and data calls as needed to support the Conventional Ammunition Demilitarization Program.     Distribution/Workload Integration Project (Logistics Life Cycle), Summations of meetings and recommend ations to address the Conventional Ammunition Demilitarization Program requirements as needed.     Demil Chain Optimizer Model,     An updated executable version of the Demil Chain Optimizer Model that incorporates all model changes/enhancements to include  the source code.     Demil Chain Optimizer Model Users Manual, A revised Demil Chain Optimizer Model Users Manual that incorporates a all enhancements to the model, its supporting databases, and/or outputs.     The aforementioned tasks and submittals will  be accomplished with the help of Government Furnished Data and Equipment as needed to compete the tasks. May require travel to various Continental United State s (CONUS) based sites INSTRUCTIONS TO INTERESTED PARTIES: Request that all interested offerors provide a capability statement, NTE ten (10) pages that detail their previous work experience in the areas of expertise and any specialized systems experience wi th the computer programs listed above.     Work performed within the past three years is considered relevant experience for this sources sought announcement response.     Please include in your capability statement, your firms business size and identify an y potential Joint Venture partners.     JOINT VENTURES: Joint Ventures, as defined in FAR 19.101(7)(i), are an acceptable approach for small businesses and are encouraged.     Interested small businesses who choose to Joint Venture shall provide the Govern ment with information as follows: (1) Name of Company-include a contact person's name, telephone number and email address; (2) Company Address; (3) Company Size (please specify as either Small, Small Disadvantaged, 8(a), Woman-Owned Small Business, Histori cally Underutilized Business Zone concern, Veteran-Owned Small Business, or Service-Disabled Small Business); (4) Identify whether you are interested in this acquisition as a prime contractor or subcontractor.     NOTE: 1. Under certain conditions, the ind ividual small businesses must meet the size standard instead of using the combined total of annual receipts of all small businesses in the Joint Venture.     2. The Government may direct certain work be performed by specific contractors. Any of this direct ed work is excluded from the total work when determining limitations on subcontracting percentages.     3. To qualify as a small business Joint Venture entity all the members must be a small business.     One exception is an approved Small Business Adminis tration mentor-program agreement, which does permit large business participation in the Joint Venture.       INFORMATION: This announcement is for information and planning purposes only and should not be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose.     This announcement does not constitute a Request for Proposals and no contract will be awarded from this announcement.     Requests for solicitation will not receive a response.     No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with pr oviding information in response to this announcement and any follow-up information requests.     No basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result from a response to this announcement or Government use of any information provided.     This announcement does not restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition strategy.     The Government reserves the right to consider acquisition strategies as deemed appropriate.       RESPONSE DATE: All responses to this announcement must be received by C OB December 19, 2007.     Interested parties shall contact the government POC for an additional questions. POC: Mr. John Hemmen, Contract Specialist, (309) 782-3625, john.hemmen@us.army.mil; Mrs. Cindy Pleasant, Procuring Contracting Officer, (309) 782-628 9, cynthia.pleasant@us.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAA09/W52P1J-07-JH-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>john.hemmen@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Sustainment Command
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army Sustainment Command ATTN:  AMSFS-CCA,  Rock Island IL
<POPZIP>61299-6500
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<ZIP>21702-5014
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541519
<OFFADD>US Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity, ATTN:  MCMR-AAA, 820 Chandler Street, Frederick, MD  21702-5014
<SUBJECT>D--8(a) SOURCES SOUGHT - LIVELINK MAINTENENCE SUPPORT
<SOLNBR>W81XWH0000000
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>02172008
<CONTACT>Kathryn McCune, 301-619-1354
<DESC>The US Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity, on behalf of the US Army Medical Research and Materiel Command and in the interest of market research, is looking for 8(a) firms certified to maintain OpenText's Livelink software product. If your fi rm meets this description, please email the Contract Specialist, Kate McCune, at kathryn.mccune@us.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMRAA/DAMD17/W81XWH0000000/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>kathryn.mccune@det.amedd.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<SETASIDE>8a Competitive
<POPADDRESS>US Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity ATTN:  MCMR-AAA, 820 Chandler Street Frederick MD
<POPZIP>21702-5014
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command, Deputy Commander
<ZIP>35807-3801
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334519
<OFFADD>US Army Space and Missile Defense Command, Deputy Commander, ATTN  SMDC-CM-AP, P.O. Box 1500, Huntsville, AL  35807-3801
<SUBJECT>66--Lateral Immunoassay (LFI) Strips for Detection of Biological Warfare Agents
<SOLNBR>W9113M-08-S-0001
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>02172008
<CONTACT>Leo Fratis, (301)619-7421
<DESC>The purpose of this announcement is to identify interested companies capable of providing services supporting the U.S. Critical Reagents Program (CRP).  Required capabilities include any or all of the following: maunfacturing of Lateral Flow Immunoas say (LFI) strips for the detection of biological warfare agents in accordance with military specifications, manufacturing LFI carriers in accordance with compatability requirements for use in DoD detection systems, cutting LFI strips for assembly into mult iple DoD carrier systems in accordance with Government specifications under controlled temperature and humidity conditions, packaging products in accordance with military standards, labeling LFI products, storing products and reagents (e.g., antigens and a ntibodies) at appropriate temperatures required in the manufacturing process.  Respondents should supply the Government with a description of their ability to perform the required capabilities described in this Sources Sought Notice.  Respondents should al so include a description of current or projected ability to perform cold chain management and a description of production capability under the Center for Disease Control and Prevention Office of Health and Safety, Laboratory Registration and Select Agent T ransfer Program [42 CFR 72.6] for toxins.  Respondents should indicate current or anticipated ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Security Level clearance.  Any information received in response to this Sources Sought Notice that is marked proprieta ry will be handled accordingly.  The information may be submitted via mail, email or fax to U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command, ATTN: Leo Fratis, 64 Thomas Johnson Drive, Frederick, MD 21702, Fax (301)619-5069, or by e-mail Leo.Fratis@us.army.mil.   The NAICS code is 334519 with a size standard of 500 employees.  This notice should not be construed as a request for proposal or an obligation on the part of the U.S. Government and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/SMDC/DASG60/W9113M-08-S-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Leo.Fratis@amedd.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Space and Missile Defense Command, Deputy Commander
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army Space and Missile Defense Command, Deputy Commander ATTN  SMDC-CM-AP, P.O. Box 1500 Huntsville AL
<POPZIP>35807-3801
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Lewis
<ZIP>98433-9500
<CLASSCOD>F
<NAICS>561990
<OFFADD>ACA, Fort Lewis, Directorate of Contracting, Building 2015, Box 339500, Fort Lewis, WA  98433-9500
<SUBJECT>F--Aerial Wildland Fire Suppression Services
<SOLNBR>W911S808R0006
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>02122008
<CONTACT>Darlene Anderson, 253-966-5681
<DESC>REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI)/MARKET RESEARCH W911S8-08-R-0006 Yakima Training Center (YTC), Yakima, Washington anticipates a requirement for exclusive use aerial fire suppression services to include one rotary wing aircraft capable of delivering a minimum of 800 gallons of water in a single trip utilizing a self-fill ing, fixed tank to fight wildland fires within the confines of YTC and fires that threaten to enter or pass through the training center.  The anticipated time frame is 15 May - 30 September 2008 with 4 one-year Option Periods. Through the below Market Research Questionnaire, the Army Contracting Agency (ACA), Northern Region (NR), Directorate of Contracting (DOC), Fort Lewis, WA seeks the following information from industry:  the identification of interested parties, approximate  cost, and amount of start up time required prior to 15 May 2008. This RFI is for planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a Request for Proposals (RFP) or as an obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services. Responses to this RFI will not serve as proposals, bids, or offers, wh ich could be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. ACA, DOC will not accept unsolicited proposals related to the subject of this RFI.  All information received in response to this RFI that is marked - Proprietary - will be handled accordin gly. The responder must clearly identify any information it considers to be sensitive or proprietary. Responses to this RFI will not be returned. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated and incurred by responding to this RFI. The Gove rnment reserves the right to determine how it should proceed as a result of this notice.   Responses to the Market Research Questionnaire are encouraged from all interested parties.  Responses should include the name and telephone number of a point of contact having authority and knowledge to discuss responses with Government representatives. Yo u are advised that providing responses to the questions will not automatically include you in the acquisition process for this solicitation.  Please provide any additional feedback in your response that you feel is relevant.  E-mail your response to:  Darlene.Anderson@us.army.mil Respond no later than 14 December 2007 by 2:00:00 PM (PST).  MARKET RESEARCH QUESTIONNAIRE 1.  Interested parties submitting a response to this RFI must provide the following information:      a) Company Name     b) Address      c) Point of Contact      d) Phone and Fax Numbers     e) Email address     f) Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS)     g) CAGE Code  2.  Is your business size considered large or small under NAICS Code 561990, All Other Support Services (fire fighting services as a commercial activity)?  This size standard is based on the average annual receipts.  The largest a for-profit concern can be  and still qualify as a small business under NAICS Code 561990 is:  $6.5M.   [  ] Large     [  ] Small 3.  Is your firm eligible for participation in one of the following small business programs? If so, please indicate the program. [  ] yes   [  ] no     HUBZone  [  ] yes   [  ] no     8(a)  [  ] yes   [  ] no     SDV  [  ] yes   [  ] no     WO	 4.  What is your standby daily rate?  Please reflect the entire essential crew (pilot, mechanic, fuel handler, etc) in a combined rate.  $____________/day 5.  What is your hourly extended standby rate?  Please reflect the entire essential crew rate.  $____________/hour 6.  What is your airborne time and materials hourly response rate?  $____________/hour 7.  If your company was selected, how many calendar days would your company need after contract award date before you could be completely set up and begin providing services? [  ] 10 days      [  ] 15 days      [  ] 30 days      [  ] 45 days      [  ] Other (specify number
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABJ/DABJ25/W911S808R0006/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>darlene.anderson@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Fort Lewis
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>Yakima Training Center DPTMS Fire Department YTC 970 Firing Center Yakima WA
<POPZIP>98901-9399
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>US Army Engineer District, Sacramento
<ZIP>95814
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541620
<OFFADD>US Army Engineer District, Sacramento, 1325 J. Street, Sacramento, CA  95814
<SUBJECT>R--POTENTIAL SOURCES SOUGHT  Technical Support for EPA Region 9 Mine Restoration Sites in the states of California, Nevada, Arizona, and the Navajo Nation, USAED, Sacramento, Corps of Engineers, California
<SOLNBR>W9123808S0001
<RESPDATE>011808
<ARCHDATE>03182008
<CONTACT>James D. Aldea, (916) 557-5186
<DESC>Description:  The purpose of this synopsis is to conduct market research on potential sources for a future acquisition of services for technical support of EPA Region 9 mine restoration sites in the states of California, Nevada, Arizona and the Navaj o Nation. This notice is not a request for competitive proposals or quotations. It is anticipated that the following services will be required:  Technical support of EPA Region 9 mine restoration sites enforcement actions.   Key components of this work include the advising the EPA on the application of innovative technologies / approaches in conjunction with traditional mine restoration methods to improve quality and productivity while reducing cost.  Work includes integration  of various disciplines including:  Responsible Party Oversight: Report Review and comment Preparation; Conflict Management and Technical Expert documentation; Field Oversight; Safety.  Work Plan/Site Assessment Site monitoring: Prepare sampling plans to a ssess leachability of mine tailings and measure discharges affecting water Quality and chemistry; impacts on receiving waters, chemistry and biology; Groundwater quality, quantity and geochemistry; Groundwater flow pathways; Installation of new monitoring wells; Air Monitoring; Human Health Risk Assessment; Specialized Native American Risk Assessment criteria; Ground stability; Data Quality Management.  The Contractor will be able to evaluate potential Mine Remediation Technologies that Settling Work Partie s or the EPA may implement: Immobilizing contaminates in mine tailings and waste rock; Discharge Treatment Technology; Topographic Survey; Site Access Design; Site Winterization; Operations at remote sites; NEPA standards; Grading and Erosion Control; Proj ect Quality Control Plan;  The Contractor will have knowledge and experience in the elements of Discharge Treatment Technology include: Lime Treatment; Biological Treatment; Organic Substrate Bioreactors; Rock Substrate Bioreactors; Permeable Reactive Barr iers; Sludge handling and disposal; Monitor the erection of remediation site structures;  Remote Telemetry.  Most of this work will be oversight of Settling Work party lead sites, but approximately 10% of the work may be performed by the contractor at US E PA lead sites.  The contractor will have experience in control and management of common contaminants including; Aluminum, Arsenic, Cadmium, Chromium, Copper, Cyanide, Iron, Lead, Mercury, Selenium, Sulfur, Uranium, Zinc, and Radioactive Materials.  The Con tractor will have organizational knowledge of: EPA organizational regulations and requirements; CERCLA and SARA laws and implementing regulations; Mining Reclamation laws and requirements; State and Local regulatory agency regulations and requirements for California, Arizona, Nevada, Navajo Nation regulations requirements; Native American regulations and requirements.  The Contractor will meet Conflict of Interest requirements.  The Contractor will have demonstrated Project Management skill as applied to: Project reporting; Cost reporting, and Change Order Management Practices. Potential sources must submit a capability statement of no more than three pages in length, which addresses the following key areas:  (1)  TECHNICAL - Knowledge and past experience specific to all of the varying types of work described above within the EPA Region 9 area.   Submit only current and past projects that are not more than 4 years old with a brief description of the contractor s responsibilities. (2)  MANAGEMENT:  Potential sources should identify their management experience for support of concurrent, open Firm, Fixed-Price and/or Cost Plus Fixed Fee task orders, and their ability to track costs and schedule under cost reimbursement type task order s.  (3) BUSINESS SIZE - Potential sources need to identify whether or not they are a Large, Small, Small-Disadvantaged, Woman-Owned Small, or 8(a) business.   (4)  ACCOUNTING AND PURCHASING SYSTEM STATUS - Potential sources shall identify whether or not their current accounting system has been approved by the Federal Government for cost reimbursement contracting.   All interested parties may respond or submit statements of qualifications.  This is not a request for competitive proposals or quotations.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract is within the discretion of the Government. Point of Contact:  All responses are due to US Army Corps of Engineers, Sacramento District, Contracting Division, 1325 J Street, Sacramento CA, 95814-2922, Attention: Tricia Christie, not later than 4PM PST on January 18, 2008.  You may submit your respon ses via email to: Patricia.A.Christie@usace.army.mil . This action will be conducted under FSC Code F999, SIC Code 8999, NAICS Code 541620.  The size standard is $6.5 Million.  Please direct all questions to the Corps of Engineers, Sacramento District, Contracting Division, 1325 J Street, Sacramento, CA 95814- 2922, Attention:  Tricia Christie, Phone (916)557-5228; Fax: (916)557-5278, email: Patricia.A.Christie@usace.army.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA05/W9123808S0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>James.D.Aldea@usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Engineer District, Sacramento
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army Engineer District, Sacramento 1325 J. Street,  Sacramento CA
<POPZIP>95814
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Honolulu
<ZIP>96858-5540
<CLASSCOD>F
<NAICS>562910
<OFFADD>US Army Corps Of Engineers, Honolulu, Building 230, Fort Shafter, HI  96858-5440
<SUBJECT>F--Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract for Munitions and Explosives of Concern (MEC) Removal Response Actions for FUDS Waikoloa Maneuver Area, Waimea and Waikaloa, Island of Hawai'i, Hawaii
<SOLNBR>W9128A-08-R-0009
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>02172008
<CONTACT>Maria Buckner, 808-438-8583
<DESC>The Honolulu Corps of Engineers announces the intent to issue a solicitation for an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) with provisions to issue fixed-price task orders for Munition and Explosives of Concern (MEC) removals on the Island of  Hawai'i, Hawaii.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 562910 (Remediation Services), including a small business size standard of $13 million.  This IDIQ will include a cumulative capacity of $50 million for a 5-year term cons isting of a base year and four option years.  The estimated annual usage is $10 million for the base year and each of the four option years.   This IDIQ will require the contractor to have ordnance removal experience.  The Government prefers ordnance remov al experience in Hawaii.  The government anticipates soliciting this requirement as a competitive small business set-aside and awarding a single contract without discussions after submission of initial offers.  A two-phase evaluation process will be utiliz ed for source selection under this solicitation.  Phase I will include technical proposals and Phase II will include price proposals.  Only those proposals selected in Phase I will be allowed to proceed into Phase II.  The award will be made based on best value upon evaluation of all offers received.  This requirement is to safely locate, identify, recover, evaluate, manage and make final disposition of MEC at the Formerly Used Defense Site (FUDS) Waikoloa Maneuver Area, Island of Hawai'i, Hawaii.  This acq uisition encourages integrated approaches to perform MEC responses including analog and digital geophysical mapping, geographic information system (GIS) management and recording, anomaly discrimination, time-critical and non-time critical removal actions, emergency removal responses, clean-up of range residue, disposal, and management of MEC or other constituents related to MEC.  The work shall be a manner consistent with the Department of Defense Explosives Safety Board requirements, the Defense Environmen tal Restoration Program (DERP), Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), the National Contingency Plan (NCP), Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and compliance with other applicable laws and regulations.  Each ta sk order under this contract will provide a specific Scope of Work (SOW) describing the work required and may include conducting appropriate field surveys, site visits, interviews with knowledgeable persons, prepare required safety and health plans, prepar e site assessment reports, prepare site characterization reports, conduct site monitoring, execute suitable cleanup activities, terrestrial or underwater surveys, innovative technology applications, chemical laboratory analysis, and dispose of MEC.  A prim ary emphasis will be placed on assisting the Corps in compliance with environmental laws and regulations.  The work may involve working with other contractors during hazardous/toxic wastes assessment/remediation projects, archaeological studies, flora and fauna studies, geo-technical studies, emergency response plans, public evacuation/safety plans and execution, public coordination, and other environmental and/or engineering studies.  The work may involve but not be limited to disciplines in the following areas: MEC safety, hazardous/toxic wastes management, geographic information systems (GIS), noise quality, air quality, water quality, risk assessment, occupational health, industrial hygiene, safety, and public health.  Hazardous, Toxic and Radiological W aste (HTRW) material or non-stockpile Chemical Warfare Materiel (CWM) are not expected, but may be encountered.  All permits and licenses necessary to conduct his operations including building permits, licenses to purchase explosives, blasters licenses, a nd Department of Transportation (DOT) permits for transport of MEC and HTRW on public highways will be the responsibility of the incumbent. Preliminary study da ta and other information may be required during the progress of work. Incumbent will participate and provide support in various public forums including, but not limiting to, assistance in compiling presentation data and expert technical testimony during pu blic information meetings, Restoration Advisory Board sessions, inter-agency coordination, and other activities.  Anticipated solicitation release date is on or about January 25, 2008.  Selection will be based on evaluation factors and price.  Firms intere sted in this project should submit a letter of interest via electronic mail (e-mail) to Ms. Maria Buckner at maria.r.buckner@usace.army.mil no later than December 19, 2007.  Please indicate (a) your size status (e.g. 8(a), Small Business, Large Business, S ervice Disabled Veteran Owned Business, etc.), (b) whether you have ordnance removal experience or whether you have the ability to obtain the necessary ordnance removal expertise, and (c) your bonding capacity in your letter.  This is not a request for pro posal.  A separate synopsis will be published providing the procedures on obtaining the solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA83/W9128A-08-R-0009/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Maria.R.Buckner@poh01.usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps Of Engineers, Honolulu
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>Waikoloa Maneuver Area Waiamea and Waikoloa, Island of Hawaii Waimea HI
<POPZIP>96738
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Louisville
<ZIP>40201-0059
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>US Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville, 600 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Place, Room 821, Louisville, KY  40202-2230
<SUBJECT>Y--Market Survey for Design/Build Armed Forces Reserve Center at Ft. Buchanan, PR.
<SOLNBR>W912QR-07-FT.BUCHANAN
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>02152008
<CONTACT>connie.g.murphree, 502-315-6210
<DESC>A market survey is being conducted to determine if there are qualified SBA HubZone certified, SBA 8(a) certified, SDVSB contractors or small business local contractors, and also to determine if there are qualfied large businesses that meet the specif ic criteria for this proposed project authorized by The National Defense Authorization Act of 2006 (Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC)).  This BRAC project is located at Ft. Buchanan, Puerto Rico. The proposed contract will be for Construction of an Army Reserve Center (AFRC).  This project will provide a 600-member training facility that realigns Army Reserve and National Guard units, as directed by BRAC. The 807th Signal Company will relocate into the new AFRC on Fort Buchanan as a result of the realignm ent of the Captain Euripides Rubio Junior United States Army Reserve Center (USARC). Units from the closing 1LT Paul Lavergne USARC will also relocate into the new Fort Buchanan AFRC. The facility will provide administrative, educational, assembly, library , learning center, vault, and weapons simulator for three Army Reserve units and two Puerto Rico Army National Guard (PRARNG) units. A new state of the fitness facility is located on Fort Buchanan. The maintenance shop will provide work bays and maintenanc e administrative support. The project will also provide adequate parking space for all military and privately-owned vehicles. Contract duration is estimated at 720 days. NAICS is 236220. The size standard is $31.5 million. The estimated cost range is betwe en $25,000,000.00 and $100,000,000.00. This project is planned for advertising around June 2008.  All businesses interested in submitting a response should notify this office in writing by mail or fax by 17 December 2007, 4:00 pm, local time.  Responses sh ould include: 1) Municipality in which your business is located; 2)Identification of the appropriate business category such as a 8(a), HubZone or SDVSB business, 3) Past Experience - Describe completed projects that are similar in size, scope, and dollar v alue to the proposed project and the percentage of self-performed work and how that was accomplished, 4) Capability of obtaining performance and payment bonds for a project in the dollar amount listed above, and 5) a statement verifying the contractor will  perform at least 20% or more of the work.  Proof includes the name of the project, the construction start and completion date, the final dollar amount of the contract and a short description of your business's role and work performed (less than 200 words)  and a point of contact and phone number for the owner of the project.  To be considered you must: a)Have served as the prime contractor; b)the work must have been successfully completed within the last five years; c)The projects must be similar in size, s cope and dollar value to the proposed project.  Projects considered similar to this poject include new construction projects of offices, administrative buildings, schools, and training facilities.  NOTE: If qualified 8(a), HubZone or SDVSB business firms d o not respond, this planned contract action will be converted to full and open competition. Send responses to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville District, ATTN:  Connie Murphree; 600 Dr. M.L. King, Jr. Place, Louisville, KY  40202-2230.  Telephon ic responses will not be honored.  This is NOT a request for proposal and does not constitute any commitment by the Government.  Responses to this sources sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions.  All interest ed sources must respond to future solicitation announcements separately from responses to this market survey.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA27/W912QR-07-FT.BUCHANAN/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Connie.G.Murphree@lrl02.usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>US Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville 600 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Place, Room 821,  Louisville KY
<POPZIP>40202-2230
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen
<ZIP>21005-3013
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen, ATTN:  AMSSB-ACC-A, 4118 Susquehanna Avenue, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD  21005-3013
<SUBJECT>59--Request for Information for Crew Served Weapons Light (CSWL) Product Evaluation Testing
<SOLNBR>W91CRB08CSWL
<RESPDATE>020108
<ARCHDATE>04012008
<CONTACT>Debra Shreve, 703-704-2204
<DESC>Description: This announcement is a Request for Information (RFI) and product samples and is not an Invitation to Bid nor a Request for Proposals.  There is currently no acquisition funding for this effort, however, PM Soldier Sensors and Lasers has a requirement to co nduct product evaluation tests for the Crew Served Weapons Light (CSWL), a component of the Army Family of Flashlights. This is a market survey to identify any manufacturers who have commercially available CSWLs that will interface with current weapon syst ems in the Army inventory. Sources are sought that can provide Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) items that are already in production and can be expected to be available for comparative testing on or about March 2008.  PM Soldier Sensors and Lasers requests interested parties submit two samples of their product to the address given below by 1 February 2008. It is further requested that responses be limited to one product per vendor. The samples will be tested in accordance with the requirements described unde r System Description and will not be returned following testing. However, final test results will be furnished to each respondent. It is also requested that respondents submit their company name, point of contact, address, phone number, and any appropriate  product website, literature, and information for their test samples to the point of contact given below. System Description: The CSWL will give the Soldier the capability to employ a white light with infrared (IR) capability that is small and lightweight and can be weapon-mounted or hand-held.  When weapon-mounted, CSWL will provide the Soldier a capability to identify targets a ccurately when using the weapon during periods of darkness or limited visibility.  The CSWL will be employed with the M2E2, and MK19 weapons (threshold), M240B (objective), must be able to withstand weapon recoil, and must be able to mount on the U.S. Army  Standard Rail (MIL-STD-1913) using an interface device.  The CSWL shall have an adjustable beam (narrow to wide) (objective) that allows illumination up to a range of 1000 meters with IR light and 500 meters with white light (threshold) in total darkness (between sunset and sunrise). The maximum CSWL weight with batteries, mounting mechanism, and remote cable shall be 10 lbs (threshold), 8 lbs (objective). The CSWL shall be compatible with (shall not interfere with) appropriate day/night optics, aiming lig hts and other weapon accessories.  The CSWL shall have dual activation controls, an on/off switch which shall be located on the device housing and a wired remote control switch.  A full-off control shall also be provided on the device housing which will pr event activation controls from functioning.  The system shall operate on standard military or DoD-approved, commercially available batteries. Acceptable battery performance with the light constantly on must be 90 minutes (threshold) or more. Degraded batte ry performance in extreme temperatures or with prolonged use of the light is acceptable (threshold). When mounted on a military vehicle, the CSWL will be able to operate on vehicle power. The CSWL shall also be compatible with the vehicle mounted Objective  Gunner Protection Kit (OGPK) protection systems (objective). The CSWL shall include a detachable dust cover lens.  The CSWL requires an IR capability (threshold). The CSWL bulb must be replaceable by the operator and not require any special tools. When mo unted to the MIL-STD 1913 Rail, the mounting bracket shall allow the light to be adjusted to any position on the rail from front to rear and to be quickly and easily mounted to and dismounted from the M2, MK19 GMG (threshold), and the M240B (objective). Th e CSWL must be capable of being used when Soldiers are wearing the Army issued black leather glove with wool insert.  Also the CSWL must be compatible with NBC operations and with the full ensemble of Mission Oriented Protective Posture (MOPP) 4 gear when worn by t he Soldier in any NBC environment. The CSWL must provide for one-handed, ambidextrous operation. The CSWL must be capable of being dropped from 3 feet without impacting operational capability. The CSWL must be capable of being immersed in 3 feet or less of  water or exposed to moisture. The CSWL must be able to operate in 5 percent to 100 percent relative humidity without degradation of capability. The vendors response to this market survey must include the following information: (1) a technical description of the product, to include photographs (electronic photographs preferred); (2) current military users/customers of the product, if any; (3) cont act information for current military users/customers, if any; and (4) test qualification history of the product, if any. If the item is of foreign origin, vendors must provide information on any federal/military, state, and/or local government plans for pr ocurement and applicable government/military contract information, if any.  Respondents are to send two (2) product samples for testing to the Commander, U.S Army Aberdeen Test Center, ATTN: CSTE-DTC-AT-WC-S, 400 Colleran Rd , Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD 2 1005-5009 United States of America, ATTN: Ms. Elizabeth Richardson/(410) 278-3019 or Mr. Steven Gearin/(410) 278-5704, SST/CIE Team, Bldg 610, by 1 February 2008. CONTACT:  Mr. James Brown, telephone 703-704-1205, email: james.wesley.brown1@us.army.mil. RESPONSES:  Send your RFI responses, point of contact data, and product information to PM Soldier Sensors and Lasers, ATTN: James Brown, 10170 Beach Rd, Bldg 325, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5800.  The lack of a response will not exclude you from any future pro curements that might occur.  Your response to this Request for Information does not constitute the start of negotiations. This notice does not constitute an Invitation for Bids (IFB) or a Request for Proposals (RFP) and is not a commitment by PEO Soldier to procure the subject equipment. No solicitation document exists at this time. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT INTEND TO AWARD ON THE BASIS OF THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION OR OTHERWISE PAY FOR THE INFORMATION AND SAMPLES SOLICITED. Request your interest in responding NLT 10 January 2008. Request responses NLT 1 February 2008. EMAIL ADDRESS: james.wesley.brown1@us.army.mil EMAIL SUBJECT:  Crew Served Weapons Light (CSWL) Product Evaluation Testing
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAD05/W91CRB08CSWL/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>debra.shreve@us.army.mil
<DESC>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen ATTN:  AMSSB-ACC-A, 4118 Susquehanna Avenue Aberdeen Proving Ground MD
<POPZIP>21005-3013
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen
<ZIP>21005-3013
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen, ATTN:  AMSSB-ACC-A, 4118 Susquehanna Avenue, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD  21005-3013
<SUBJECT>59--Request for Information for Weapon Mountable Light (WL) Product Evaluation Testing
<SOLNBR>W91CRB08WLPET
<RESPDATE>020108
<ARCHDATE>04012008
<CONTACT>Debra Shreve, 703-704-2204
<DESC>Description: This announcement is a Request for Information (RFI) and product samples and is not an Invitation for Bids nor a Request for Proposals.  There is currently no acquisition funding for this effort, however, PM Soldier Sensors and Lasers has a requirement to conduct product evaluation tests for the Weapon Mountable Light (WL), a component of the Army Family of Flashlights. This is a market survey to identify any manufacturers who have commercially available WLs that will interface with current weapon systems i n the Army inventory. Sources are sought that can provide Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) items that are already in production and can be expected to be available for comparative testing on or about March 2008.  PM Soldier Sensors and Lasers requests inter ested parties submit five samples of their product to the address given below. It is further requested that responses be limited to one product per vendor. The samples will be tested in accordance with the requirements described under System Description an d will not be returned following testing. However, final test results will be furnished to each respondent. It is also requested that respondents submit their company name, point of contact, address, phone number, and any appropriate product website, liter ature, and information for their test samples to the point of contact given below. System Description: The WL will give the Soldier the capability to employ a white light that is small and lightweight that can be weapon-mounted or hand-held.  When weapon-mounted, the WL will provide the Soldier a capability to identify targets accurately when using his weap on during periods of darkness or limited visibility.  The WL will be employed with the following weapons: M16A4 modular weapons, M4/M4A1, M249 (threshold), and M240B (objective). The WL must be able to mount on a U.S. Army Standard Rail (MIL-STD-1913) usin g an interface device.  The WL shall have a fixed beam (threshold) or an adjustable beam (narrow to wide) (objective) that allows illumination of a 20x30x8 feet darkened room or enclosure and shall have a facial recognition range of 20 meters (threshold), 25 meters (objective) inside a darkened room or enclosure. The maximum WL weight with batteries, mounting mechanism, and remote cable shall be 10 ounces (threshold), 6 ounces (objective). The WL shall be compatible with (shall not interfere with) appropria te day/night optics, aiming lights and other weapon accessories.  The WL shall have dual activation controls, an on/off switch which shall be located on the device housing and a wired remote control switch.  The system shall also have both a constant on/of f and momentary light capabilities which includes a remote momentary capability. A full-off control shall also be provided on the device housing which will prevent activation controls from functioning.  The system operates on standard military or DoD-appro ved, commercially available batteries. Acceptable battery performance with the light constantly on must be 1 hour. Degraded battery performance in extreme temperatures or with prolonged use of the light is acceptable. The WL shall include a set of detachab le lens covers.  The lens covers shall be interchangeable and consist of red, blue, green, and dust cover. The WL shall have an infrared (IR) capability (threshold). The WL must be easily mounted and dismounted by the individual Soldier with out special to ols.  The WL must be capable of being used when Soldiers are wearing the Army issued black leather glove with wool insert and must be compatible with NBC operations and with the full ensemble of Mission Oriented Protective Posture (MOPP) 4 gear when worn b y the Soldier in any NBC environment. The WL must provide for one-handed, ambidextrous operation.  The WL must be capable of being dropped from 3 feet (threshold), 5 feet (objective), without impacting operational capability. The WL must be capable of bein g immersed in 3 feet or less of water or exposed to moisture.  If the WL uses incandescent bulbs, bulb life must exceed 96 accumulative hours of use.  The WL will operate in 5 percent to 100 percent relative humidity without degradation of capability. The vendors response to this market survey must include the following information: (1) a technical description of the product, to include photographs (electronic photographs preferred); (2) current military users/customers of the product, if any; (3) cont act information for current military users/customers, if any; and (4) test qualification history of the product, if any. If the item is of foreign origin, vendors must provide information on any military, federal, state, and/or local government plans for p rocurement and applicable government contract information, if any.  Respondents are to send five (5) product samples for testing to the Commander U.S Army Aberdeen Test Center, ATTN: CSTE-DTC-AT-WC-S, 400 Colleran Rd , Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD 21005-500 9 United States of America, ATTN: Ms. Elizabeth Richardson/(410) 278-3019 or Mr. Steven Gearin/(410) 278-5704, SST/CIE Team, Bldg 610. CONTACT:  Mr. James Brown, telephone (703) 704-1205, email: james.wesley.brown1@us.army.mil. RESPONSES:  Send your RFI responses, point of contact data, and product information to PM Soldier Sensors and Lasers, ATTN: James Brown, 10170 Beach Rd, Bldg 325, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5800.  The lack of a response will not exclude you from any future pro curements that might occur.  Your response to this Request for Information does not constitute the start of negotiations. This notice does not constitute an Invitation for Bids (IFB) or a Request for Proposals (RFP) and is not a commitment by PEO Soldier to procure the subject equipment. No solicitation document exists at this time. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT INTEND TO AWARD ON THE BASIS OF THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION OR OTHERWISE PAY FOR THE INFORMATION AND SAMPLES SOLICITED. Request your interest in responding NLT 10 January 2008. Request responses NLT 1 February 2008. EMAIL ADDRESS: james.wesley.brown1@us.army.mil EMAIL SUBJECT:  Weapon Mountable Light (WL) Product Evaluation Testing
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAD05/W91CRB08WLPET/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>debra.shreve@us.army.mil
<DESC>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Aberdeen ATTN:  AMSSB-ACC-A, 4118 Susquehanna Avenue Aberdeen Proving Ground MD
<POPZIP>21005-3013
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Defense Contracting Command-Washington
<LOCATION>Contracting Center of Excellence, Army Contracting Agency (ACA)
<ZIP>20310-5200
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541611
<OFFADD>Contracting Center of Excellence, Army Contracting Agency (ACA), ATTN:  Policy and Compliance, 5200 Army Pentagon, Room 1D245, Washington, DC  20310-5200
<SUBJECT>R--Engineering and Technical Support Services
<SOLNBR>W91WAW-08-T-0017
<RESPDATE>010508
<ARCHDATE>03052008
<CONTACT>douglas crowley, 703-695-2563
<DESC>The US Army Contracting Agency, Contracting Center of Excellence (CCE), Pentagon, on behalf of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense Networks & Information Integration (OASD(NII)), DOD Chief Information Officer (DOD CIO) and its customers intends to procure systems engineering and technical assistance support services as a small business set aside or under full and open competition procedures.   We are seeking potential Small Business sources with the capability to serve as the prime contra ctor for support requiring the application of engineering disciplines to technically support development of new and existing OASD(NII)/DOD CIO capabilities and systems as well as significant alterations to existing systems; support integration and interfac e of existing equipment or software into different applications or platforms to support the warfighter; and support evaluation of foreign or non-developmental systems, equipments, and technologies.  Specifically, the contractor will have the capability to provide qualified and experienced personnel possessing the skills, knowledge and training to perform systems engineering and technical assistance support efforts to include requirements analysis, functional analysis/allocation and design synthesis balanced  by systems analysis and control to improve and support policy development, decision making, and management and administration of OASD(NII)/DOD CIO programs and activities and associated business initiatives, as well as, those activities required for movin g to an enterprise-wide/net-centric oriented life cycle alignment of resources and outputs to achieve top-down performance driven outcomes. Interested small businesses that are certified and qualified as a small business concern in NAICS code 541611 with a size standard of $6.5M are encouraged to submit their capabilities package.   The expected period of performance will be for a base period of 12 months with four, 12-month option periods.  Small Business respondents having the skills and capabilities necessary to perform the stated requirements are invited to provide the following information:  (a) Provide a list of DOD customers within the past 3-years highlighting similar work performed. Include contract numbers, contract type, dollar value of each procurement, and brief description of the work performed.  (b) Provide demonstrative information relative to past experience as well as an understanding of the requirement and ability to perform the following tasks:  1. Apply scientific methods and engineering disciplines to support a variety of engineering and technical services (Task A) 2.  Provide support for the efficient and effective management and operation of OASD(NII)/DOD CIO organizations, activities, or systems (Task B) 3.  Provide organized, analytical assessments and evaluations of complex issues to improve developments, decision-making, management or administration of OASD(NII)/DOD CIO processes (Task C) 4. Support a variety of studies/analyses/evaluations (Task C) Interested parties may access the DRAFT Performance Work Statement (PWS) at CCEs homepage http://dccw.hqda.pentagon.mil/services/Services.asp click on RFPs; select the desired RFP and click on the Process button.  No hard copies of the RFP will be issued ; all amendments will be posted and must be retrieved from this website.  Responses to the RFP must be submitted by email to the POC identified below.  No solicitation mailing list will be compiled.  Contractors are responsible for all costs for submitting  their capability packages.  POC is Mr. Doug Crowley, Contract Specialist at 703-695-2563 or douglas.crowley@hqda.army.mil or David Vroom, Contracting Officer, at 703-614-4579 or david.vroom@hqda.army.mil If at least two responsible small business concerns are determined by the government to be capable of performing this requirement based on an evaluation of the capabilities packages submitted by 12:00 PM, Eastern Standar d Time 4 January 2008, the requirement will be solicited as a 100% set-aside for small business concerns.  If capability packages are not received from at least two responsible small business concerns by the response date or if the government determines th at no small businesses are capable of performing this requirement based upon an evaluation of the capabilities packages submitted, this requirement will be solicited under full and open competition procedures.   E-mail responses without the aforementioned information will not be recognized as valid. Areas where a source does not have prior experience should be annotated as such.  Your response is limited to 30 pages with a font size of 12 arial. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. The government reserves the right to conduct vendor oral capabilities demonstrations to be scheduled at a later date.  Capability packages are to be emailed by 12:00 PM, Eastern Standard Time (EST), 4 January 2008, to Douglas Crowley, Contracts Specialist at 703-695-2563 or douglas.crowley@hqda.army.mil No extensions will be granted and no capability statements will be considered after this closing date.  No telephone submissions will be honored.  For further information for this proposed action, please contact Douglas Crowley, Contracts Specialist, at douglas.crowley@hqda.army.mil or 703-695-2563.  Or the Contracting Officer, David Vroom at david.vroom@hqda.army.mil or 703-614-4579.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DSS-W/DASW01/W91WAW-08-T-0017/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>douglas.crowley@hqda.army.mil
<DESC>Contracting Center of Excellence, Army Contracting Agency (ACA)
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>Contracting Center of Excellence, Army Contracting Agency (ACA) ATTN:  Policy and Compliance, 5200 Army Pentagon, Room 1D245 Washington DC
<POPZIP>20310-5200
<POPCOUNTRY>US
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL - Directed Energy Directorate
<ZIP>87117
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541712
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFRL - Directed Energy Directorate, 2251 Maxwell Ave, Kirtland AFB, NM, 87117, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- Wargaming and Research Laboratory Operations
<SOLNBR>Wargaming
<RESPDATE>122007
<ARCHDATE>01042008
<CONTACT>Michele Lopez, Contract Specialist, Phone 505-846-5119, Fax 505-853-3398, Email michele.lopez@kirtland.af.mil - Barbara Steinbock, Contracting Officer, Phone 505 846 2246, Fax 505 846 1546, Email Barbara.Steinbock@kirtland.af.mil
<DESC>SUBJECT:  SOURCES SOUGHT FOR WARGAMING AND RESEARCH LABORATORY OPERATIONS. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to locate and identify qualified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) sources to determine if sources exist for a SDVOSB set aside. The Air Force Research Laboratory/Kirtland AFB NM  (AFRL/RD) is seeking qualified SDVOSB sources that can  perform tasks for coordination, oversight, research, development, integration and demonstration of Wargame, Exercise, and Experiment philosophies, techniques and procedures for the conduct of modeling and simulation and systems engineering activities.  The contractor will also coordinate and oversee Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) participation in and execution of the Air Force Integrated Collaborative Environment (AF ICE).  Additionally, the contractor will provide support to AFRL/RD for establishing and maintaining an overarching Modeling and Simulation architecture to focus and guide the development of Directed Energy (DE) systems, concepts and technologies.  The contractor will provide support to AFRL/RD in the conduct of systems engineering functions for DE weapon systems.  Work may be performed at AFRL facilities, in the Distributed Mission Operations Center (DMOC), and at other DOD, university, and/or contractor facilities. BACKGROUND: The Air Force Research Laboratory is engaged in conducting and participating in systems engineering, war gaming activities and modeling & simulation to demonstrate and evaluate the value-added utility of advanced technologies and concepts and to focus future development through user feed-back.  The objectives of this contract are: (1) to maintain a corporate memory for the conduct of war gaming and to provide AFRL the overall support required for planning, coordination, participation and execution of future war gaming activities and systems engineering related to advanced DOD concepts and technologies; (2) to support  the integration of AF ICE within the AFRL community; (3) to provide AFRL/RD an overarching M&S architecture to focus and guide the development of Directed Energy systems, concepts and technologies; and (4) to provide additional technical support as required and requested by AFRL/RD.  This work must be conducted at the appropriate security level; sources will be required to have/or obtain personnel cleared up to the TOP SECRET Level.  This procurement is anticipated to be an indefinite quantity indefinite delivery (IDIQ), cost plus fixed fee type contract for a period of five years, not to exceed $5M.   AFRL will issue task orders against the basic IDIQ contract.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 541712; Small Business size standard 500 employees. Interested SDVOSB firms are invited to respond to this sources sought announcement by providing an information statement (not to exceed five (5) pages not inclusive of the cover page) that summarizes relevant experience, knowledge, and capabilities consistent with the effort described.  Respondents shall provide information related to contracts where the respondent was materially involved at a comparable level of effort.  In addition, interested SDVOSB firms are invited to respond to this sources sought announcement by providing the following: (1)  Name and address of applicant (Corporate/Principal Office); (2)  Name, telephone and fax number of point of contact; (3)  Date firm started; (4) SIC Code;  (5) Contractor capabilities statement.  A determination as to whether this acquisition will be a set-aside or full and open competition will be based upon responses to this notice.  Interested SDVOSB sources are requested to submit Information Statements electronically by 4:00 p.m. MST on 20 December 2007 to the POC e- mail address.  Proprietary data will be protected when so designated.  Acknowledgement of receipt will not be made. Availability of any formal solicitation will be announced separately. This is NOT a request for proposal (RFP), invitation for bid (IFB), or an announcement of a solicitation and no solicitation package exists at this time.  The request for information announcement is requested for informational purposes only.  No cost data should be submitted.  The Government will not pay for any materials provided in response to this notice or any follow-up information requests. Submittals will not be returned to the sender.  Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation.  However, AFRL will utilize the information for technical and acquisition planning.  The requirements for your email submissions are:  Adobe Acrobat version 4.01 or greater shall be used to create the "PDF" file, 8.5x11 paper, Times New Roman, Font size 11.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRLPLDED/Wargaming/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
</SRCSGT>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Center for Disease Control and Prevention
<LOCATION>Procurement and Grants Office (Atlanta)
<ZIP>30341-4146
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541690
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Procurement and Grants Office (Atlanta), 2920 Brandywine Road, Room 3000, Atlanta, GA, 30341-4146, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- NCCD-Wide Multiple Award Contract for Services for the Technical and Support Needs of NCCDPHP.
<DESC>Special Notice Synopsis: National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion


The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion (NCCDPHP), is conducting pre-solicitation MARKET SURVEY seeking Small Business sources for an upcoming solicitation of proposals to obtain essential services for the technical and support needs of NCCDPHP. The CDC is conducting market research ONLY. No award will be made as a result of this special notice synopsis nor are any solicitation materials available. The CDC is requesting interested Small businesses, Service-disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses, 8(a) Small Disadvantaged Businesses, HUBZone Small Businesses, Woman-owned Small Business and Small Disadvantaged Businesses to submit tailored capability statements, presenting their qualifications to perform this work by January 11, 2008.

The NAICS Code for this requirement is 541690: Other Scientific and Technical Consulting Services with a $ 6.5 million size standard.

The Chronic Disease related technical support needs include:  (1) Policy Assessments; (2) Program Assessments/Evaluation Studies; (3) Conduct Research and Demonstration Projects; (4) Strategic Planning Services; and (5) Consultation and Technical Assistance.  Attachment 1 provides more detail on the type of work to be performed.

The contractor qualification statements should identify which of the experience areas the small business has performed or how they intend to team with another group to be able to meet these areas.

Areas of Experience include:
1) Experience in preparation and development of scientific peer reviewed publications and manuscripts; 
2) Experience in conducting public health program and policy evaluations including performing both qualitative and quantitative  analyses and delivering a variety of reports to a wide audience of stakeholders;
3) Experience in preparing research protocols;
4) Experience preparing survey instruments, pre-tested survey instruments and conducted large data collection studies using CATI and CAPI technology;
5) A current assurance issued by Office for Protection of Humans in Research (OPRR/NIH/HHS); 
6) Experience in preparation of packages for securing approval for data collection activities from Office of Management and Budget (OMB); and
 7) Experience completing protocol packages and securing clearances from the appropriate Institutional Review Board for conducting research projects. 
8) Access to a registered Institutional Review Board, under whose scientific guidance and direction, research is conducted and monitored.


Multiple awards (4 or more) are contemplated for cost-type, indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts.  Individual task orders for specific services will be competed among the multiple award contractors.  

The anticipated period of performance is one 12 month base year, with four 12 month option periods.  Evaluation criteria include:  (1) Scientific and Technical Approach; (2) Management Plan and Personnel; and (3) Corporate Capability/Experience. 

The CDC will provide for an Industry Briefing day in which small businesses (at their own expense) can travel to CDC for an open Question and Answer session to allow small businesses to understand the NCCDPHP needs. The estimated date of the Industry Briefing day will be January 7, 2008. Due to limted conference space, vendors must register in advance.  Reservations will be available on a first come, first served basis. Businesses interested in attending the Industry day need to email Marsha Roepe at Marsha.Roepe@cdc.hhs.gov with the following information: Your company name, small business designation (HUBZone, 8(a), Women Owned, etc.) and the names and titles of the individuals who will be attending the conference (limit 3 per organization).  You will be sent a confirmation email with further information and instructions.

Businesses interested in participating in this planned requirement should mail or email their qualifications. Submissions will be accepted only in writing and should be submitted to  Marsha Roepe, Contract Specialist, 2920 Brandywine Rd, Mailstop E09, Atlanta, GA 30341.  The email address is Marsha.Roepe@cdc.hhs.gov . Put ?2008-N-09699 Potential Source? in the subject line.

It is your responsibility to keep up with additional postings regarding this special notice on the FedBizOpps website.  However, if you would like to be on the source list to receive email notices regarding this synopsis, please EMAIL your name, address, and phone number to Marsha.Roepe@cdc.hhs.gov and put ?2008-N-09699, Source List? in the subject line.  Members on this list will receive email notifications of any changes to the posting, and details of the Industry Briefing day.

Written questions on this special notice will be accepted until January 2, 2008.  Please email your questions to Marsha.Roepe@cdc.hhs.gov . All Questions and Answers will be sent to all parties identified on the 2008-N-09699 Source List.  To ensure you receive answers to your submitted questions, please identify yourself on the 2008-N-09699 Source List register. 

Attachment 2 provides a recap of our anticipated timeline for this synopsis.

This synopsis neither constitutes a Request for Proposal or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. This Special Notice Synopsis should not be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose.
<ARCHDATE>01262008
<CONTACT>Marsha Roepe, Contract Specialist, Phone 770-488-2648, Fax 770-488-2777, Email Marsha.Roepe@cdc.hhs.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/CDCP/PGOA/2008-N-09699/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>0610
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management (AQM)
<ZIP>20219
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541512
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), Acquisition Management (AQM), 250 E Street, SW Mail Stop 4-13, Washington, DC, 20219, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Supervisory PMO Integrator Support Services
<DESC>This special notice is in reference to a previous pre-solicitation notice that was released by the OCC (CC-07-HQ-R-0034) introducing the advisory multi-step process for PMO Integrator Support Services that includes a base year, plus five one-year options and the opportunity for three award terms. All vendors who participated in the step 1 have been notified if their firm was consider to have a viable or non-viable solution.

Firms interested in receiving a copy of the solicitation should send an email request to Edwin Davis.
<CONTACT>Edwin Davis, Contracting Specialist, Phone 202 874-5144, Fax null, Email edwin.davis@occ.treas.gov - Deirdre Eischens, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-874-5442, Fax 202-874-5625, Email deirdre.eischens@occ.treas.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/TREAS/OCC/ASDMS413/CC-07-HQ-R-0034a/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Systems Command
<ZIP>22134-5010
<OFFADD>M67854     Quantico, VA
<SUBJECT>Intent to Issue a Sole Source
<DESC>The Marine Corps Systems Command (MCSC), PG-13 Infantry Weapons Systems (IWS), intends to issue a Time & Materials contract to  procure M-16 A2 Repair Services, on a sole source basis with FN Herstal of 797 Old Clemson Rd, Columbia SC  29224.  This procurement is being made in accordance with  FAR 6.302-2, ?Unusual and compelling urgency.?  The justification for such action is based on an urgent request received from International Programs in support of GWOT initiatives under FMS Case No. B6-P-ABG.  This announcement is not a request for competitive quotations; however, if you believe that your company can provide the required items, please call or e-mail the Contract Specialist.  Inquiries should be directed no later than 12 December 2008 at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) to Sonya Powers, Contract Specialist at sonya.powers.ctr@usmc.mil or via telephone at 703-432-4939, Reference: M67854-08-R-1046.  The Government will review all responses, without prejudice, w!  hether or not the Government initially determines that another firm is fully qualified to fulfill the PG-13 IWS Program requirements.     Note: If documents are sent via e-mail, the contractor will be responsible for validating Government receipt by calling the Contract Specialist,  Sonya Powers 703-432-4939.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/USMC/M67854/DON-SNOTE-071204-001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Systems Command
<ZIP>22134-5010
<OFFADD>M67854     Quantico, VA
<SUBJECT>Intent to Issue a Sole Source
<DESC>The Marine Corps Systems Command (MCSC), PG-13 Infantry Weapons Systems (IWS), intends to issue a Time & Materials contract to  procure M-16 A2 Repair Services, on a sole source basis with Colt Defense LLC of 547 New Park Avenue, Hartford CT  06141.  This procurement is being made in accordance with  FAR 6.302-2, ?Unusual and compelling urgency.?  The justification for such action is based on an urgent request received from International Programs in support of GWOT initiatives under FMS Case No. B6-P-ABG.  This announcement is not a request for competitive quotations; however, if you believe that your company can provide the required items, please call or e-mail the Contract Specialist.  Inquiries should be directed no later than 12 December 2008 at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) to Sonya Powers, Contract Specialist at Sonya.powers.ctr@usmc.mil or via telephone at 703-432-4939, Reference: M67854-08-R-1055.  The Government will review all responses, without preju!  dice, whether or not the Government initially determines that another firm is fully qualified to fulfill the PG-13 IWS Program requirements.     Note: If documents are sent via e-mail, the contractor will be responsible for validating Government receipt by calling the Contract Specialist,  Sonya Powers 703-432-4939.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/USMC/M67854/DON-SNOTE-071204-002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Direct Reporting Units
<LOCATION>USAF Academy - 10 MSG/LGC
<ZIP>80840-2315
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334510
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Direct Reporting Units, USAF Academy - 10 MSG/LGC, 8110 Industrial Drive Suite 200, USAF Academy, CO, 80840-2315, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>66 -- SOURCES SOUGHT ONLY
<DESC>SOURCES SOUGHT ONLY
This is a Sources Sought, please indicate if you are interested and have the ability to propose on the following requirement:

CW Titanium: Sapphire Laser System. This acquisition will includes a high power, narrow line width, single frequency Ti: Sapphire Laser System with custom sales optics.

Name brand (Coherent Laser MBR 110 part number 1106749) or equal 



Department of the Air Force 
Contracting Flight/LGCB
8110 Industrial Dr, Suite 200
USAF Academy, CO  80840-2315


Minimum salient characteristics:

?Tuning Range: 780nm to 870nm without change of optics, and must be upgradeable to 700nm to 990nm with additional optics sets
?Power  >3.5 Watts when pumped by 18 Watts @ 532nm
?Line width <100kHz rms (actively-stabilized to reference cavity)
?Reference Cavity   Fabry-Perot interferometer with finesse >25, temperature stabilized, and with Invar cavity
?	External Lock	       Allows direct control of reference cavity, bypassing scan controller
?	Scan Mechanism    Complementary twin Brewster plates must be used to mitigate beam
       deviation during scanning
?	Scan Range	        30GHz continuous without mode hops
Scan Rate	        Adjustable from 5 to 4000 seconds.



This Market Survey is for information and planning purposes only, and is not to be construed as a commitment by the government.  The government will not pay for any information submitted in response to this sources sought.  The government requests interested parties to submit a brief, one page, description of their company, to include business size, business status (listed below), and a description of similar services offered to the government and to commercial customers.  Acknowledgement of receipt will not be issued.  Travel not be paid to contract, employees must be local.  


Must be registered with Central Contractor Registration CCR.  This is a requirement to do business with the Department of Defense Air Force.  No contract can be awarded to any company without this registration:  www.bpn.gov/CCRINQ.  

Are you (please indicate all that apply on your quote):
8(a)
HUB Zone
Woman Owned
Service-Disabled Veteran
Veteran
Small Business


Please submit any questions via e-mail to:  tina.hamalak@usafa.af.mil 
Or fax  (719) 333-9103  TO: Tina Hamalak Contract Specialist   (719) 333-3988
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Tina Hamalak, Contract Specialist, Phone 719-333-3988, Fax 719-333-9103, Email tina.hamalak@usafa.af.mil - Russell Jordan, Contracting Officer, Phone (719) 333-6224, Fax (719) 333-9103, Email russ.jordan@usafa.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/DRU/10ABWLGC/FA7000-08-T-0025/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>0625
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AAC - Air Armament Center
<ZIP>32542-6864
<CLASSCOD>10
<NAICS>332995
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AAC - Air Armament Center, AAC/PK 205 West D Avenue, Suite 433, Eglin AFB, FL, 32542-6864, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>10 -- Industry Day Notification:  Hard Target Void Sensing Fuze System
<DESC>This is notification of a planned industry day for the Hard Target Void Sensing Fuze (HTVSF) System.  The HTVSF is an advanced system that will provide the in-flight cockpit programmability, safing and arming, multi-function (time delay and void sensing) and multi-delay arming, fuzing, and void sensing functions for a weapon to penetrate and destroy hardened targets protected by multiple layers of reinforced material.

Industry Days will take place beginning at 8:00 a.m. Central Standard Time (CST) on 10 July  2007 at the 9th SOS Auditorium, Bldg 439, Eglin AFB, FL.  An agenda and directions to the auditorium will be posted separately.  The Government briefing will include program requirements and a draft acquisition strategy.  

Those wishing to participate in this industry day must provide a list of personnel who will attend the briefing, their position/title, and social security number to the point of contact listed below, no later than 4:00 p.m. CST, 2 July 2007. 

One-on-one discussions with Government personnel will begin on the afternoon of 10 July 2007.  Each potential offeror (Prime contractor only) will be limited to 50 minutes; however, additional time may be allotted on 11 July 2007 should the Contracting Officer deems further discussion is necessary.  Your desire to have such discussions must be submitted in writing to the below listed Contracting Officer.  Discussions will be scheduled in the order received, and you will receive an e-mail notification of the time and location for discussions.  It is the responsibility of industry to monitor the www.fedbizopps.gov site for the release of any follow-on information.  

Attendance at the scheduled industry day and any discussions/release of information is strictly voluntary.  The Government will not pay for any information or costs associated with travel.
<CONTACT>Steve Wall, Contracting Officer, Phone (850)882-3525 x 3111, Fax (850)882-2725, Email steve.wall@eglin.af.mil - Sallye Belton, Contracting Officer, Phone (850)882-8486 X 3070, Fax 850 882-2533, Email sallye.belton@eglin.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AAC/FA8681-08-R-0004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>HSW - 311 Human Systems Wing
<ZIP>78235-5123
<CLASSCOD>56
<NAICS>332311
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, HSW - 311 Human Systems Wing, 311th HSW/PK 8150 Aeromedical Road, Brooks AFB, TX, 78235-5123, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>56 -- Alaska Structures End Panels
<DESC>Notice of Intent to award a Sole Source Procurement.  The Government intends to issue a sole source purchase order for procurement of:  10 ea Alaska Small Shelter End Panels with 30?x72? hard door tan (AK-EPHD-2), 1 ea Alaska Small Shelter End Panel with 30?x72? hard door green (AK-EPHD-1), 2 ea Wood Crates (AK-WC489848).  The vendor is Alaska Structures Inc., 9024 Vanguard Drive, Ste 101, Anchorage, AK 99507.  The 311 Human Systems Wing/PKBA intends to award a purchase order by other than full and open competition in accordance with Subpart 6.302.-1.  Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  This notice is not a request for competitive proposals, but duly authorized vendors as validated to produce or sell Alaska Structures items may submit their information for future considerations or as alternate sources of supply.  Questions should be directed to Lt Terence Balmaceda via email:  terence.balmaceda@brooks.af.mil
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Terence Balmaceda, Contract Specialist, Phone 210-536-6311, Fax null, Email terence.balmaceda@brooks.af.mil - Terence Balmaceda, Contract Specialist, Phone 210-536-6311, Fax null, Email terence.balmaceda@brooks.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/HSW/FM285572680358/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer (a-3), Headquarters Support Command
<ZIP>20593-0001
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541990
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer (a-3), Headquarters Support Command, U.S. Coast Guard Headquarters 2100 Second Street, SW, Room B411, Washington, DC, 20593-0001, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Complete Update Model Maritime Service Code
<DESC>DESCRIPTION:  The U.S. Coast Guard intends TO PROCURE CONTRACTOR SERVICES TO COMPLETE THE UPDATE TO THE MODEL MARITIME SERVICE CODE. THE COAST GUARD PROVIDES TECHNICAL TRAINING AND CONSULTING SERVICES FOR MARITIME RELATED MISSIONS TO MANY EMERGING COASTAL NATIONS.



NOTE 22. The proposed contract action is for services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with MITCHELL EDUCATION CONSULTING under the authority of FAR 6.302. MITCHEL EDUCATION UPDATED TEN OF THE SIXTEEN CHAPTERS OF THE CODE UNDER A PREVIOUS CONTRACT. TWO OF THESE CHAPTERS REQUIRED SIGNIFICANT REVISIONS TO REFLECT SUBSTANTIAL DEVELOPMENTS IN LAW.  Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within forty-five days (thirty days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Baptistia Albino, MR., Phone 202-372-4067, Fax 202-372-4905, Email Baptistia.Albino@uscg.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/COA3HSC/HSCGG8-08-Q-HWM052/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Bureau of Medicine and Surgery
<LOCATION>NNMC Bethesda
<ZIP>20889-5600
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>339112
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, NNMC Bethesda, Bldg 54 8901 Wisconsin Avenue, Bethesda, MD, 20889-5600, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>65 -- MICRO DEPT
<DESC>This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION/NOTICE OF INTENT for commercial supplies prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6 and Part 13, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.   This announcement constitutes the only notice of intent and a written notice of intent WILL NOT be issued.

The Department of Navy, Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, National Naval Medical Center, Acquisition Management Service, intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with Johnson&Johnson for:

DESCRIPTION           QUANTITY           UNIT OF ISSUE

VERSATREK               120                   CS
REDOX 2 DELIVER
12 CASES THE FIRST
WEEK OF EVERY MONTH

VERSATREK REDOX         120                   CS
2 DELIVER 12 CASES
1 FIRST WEEK OF 
EVERY MONTH

ESP MYCOBACTERIA         20                   CS
MEDIA DELIVER 2
CASES 1 FIRST WEEK
OF EVERY MONTH

S/H

Period of Performance will be from time of award through 30 September 2008
                  
The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 339112.  This acquisition will be under the authority of Section 4202 Clinger Cohen Act of 1996, as set forth in FAR Part 6.302-1, Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  Solicitation questions shall be submitted in writing to bianca.roman@med.navy.mil.  This is NOT a request for competitive quotes.	CLOSING DATE: 3:00 P.M. 06 DEC 2007 EST.
<ARCHDATE>12212007
<CONTACT>Bianca Roman, Senior Purchasing Agent/KO, Phone 301-295-1026, Fax 301-295-0286, Email bsroman@bethesda.med.navy.mil - Nataki  McCowin, Supervisory Contracting Officer, Phone 301-295-1325, Fax 301-295-0286, Email nsmccowin@bethesda.med.navy.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/BUMED/N00168/N0016808RC34145/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>National Institutes of Health
<LOCATION>National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, Rockledge Dr. Bethesda, MD
<ZIP>20892-7902
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334516
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health, National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, Rockledge Dr. Bethesda, MD, Office of Acquisitions 6701 Rockledge Dr RKL2/6100 MSC 7902, Bethesda, MD, 20892-7902, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>66 -- Preventive Maintenance and Repair Services
<DESC>THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTENT, NOT A REQUEST FOR A PROPOSAL. A SOLICITATION DOCUMENT WILL NOT BE ISSUED AND PROPOSALS WILL NOT BE REQUESTED.
The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI), Office of Acquisitions (OA), for the NHLBI, Division of Intramural Research, intends to negotiate and award a purchase order on a noncompetitive sole source basis to Applera Corporation DBA, Applied BioSystems, 850 Lincoln Centre Drive, Foster City, CA 94404, to purchase a Service Agreement for the below equipment.  

The maintenance will include; Item (1) Genetic Analyzer model 3100, serial number 1340-038, item (2), Genetic Analyzer model 3100, serial number 1336-012, item (3), Genetic Analyzer model 3100, serial number 1590-002, and (4), Sequence Detection System model 7900HT, serial number 201266, for a period of twelve months.  

The maintenance service agreement shall include: All system parts, labor and travel for remedial repair service calls, one (1) preventive maintenance inspections, guaranteed response time of two (2) business days after receipt of a service call for instruments (2), Priority telephone and email access to instrument technical support.  The maintenance service must be performed by Certified Engineers from Applera Corporation DBA Applied BioSystems.  

The sole source determination is based upon the fact that the equipment is manufactured by Applera Corporation, DBA Applied BioSystems and only the manufacturer is authorized to provide maintenance service.   

This acquisition is being conducted under simplified acquisition procedures.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 811219, Size Standard $6.5 Million is applicable to this requirement.  The Small Business Set-Aside does not apply.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.  Interested parties may identify their interest and capabilities in response to this requirement.  The determination by the Government not to compete the proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct future competitive procurement.  Responses to this announcement, referencing synopsis number NHLBI-PB-(HL)-2008-035-DDC, may be submitted to the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, Office of Acquisition Center,   Procurement Branch, 6701 Rockledge Drive, Suite 6042, Bethesda, Maryland 20892-7902, Attention Deborah Coulter.  All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by the agency.
<ARCHDATE>12282007
<CONTACT>Deborah Coulter, Contract Specialist, Phone (301) 435-0368, Fax (301) 480-3345, Email dc143b@nih.gov - Debra Hawkins, Chief, Procurement Branch, Phone (301) 435-0367, Fax (301) 480-3345, Email dh41g@nih.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/NIH/NHLBI/NHLBI-PB-(HL)-2008-035-DDC/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVAIR HQ
<ZIP>20670
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>336411
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Air Systems Command, NAVAIR HQ, Building 2272 47123 Buse Road Unit IPT, Patuxent River, MD, 20670, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- A-Option Exercise (MV-22 Follow-On Test and Evaluation (FOT&E) Program)
<DESC>The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, MD intends to issue a modification to Delivery Order 0043 (MV-22 Follow On Test and Evaluation (FOT&E) Program), under Basic Ordering Agreement N00019-04-G-0007 with the Bell-Boeing Joint Program Office to exercise a 12-month option for the MV-22 FOT&E.  The Contractor shall provide on-site (NAWC AD, Patuxent River), home based (Contractor facilities), and off-site flight test management, flight test engineering, design engineering and related effort to support flight and ground testing activities for the MV-22 aircraft.  This requirement was procured in accordance with FAR Part 6.302-1, "Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements."  The Bell-Boeing team possesses the engineering data, technical skills, and requisite knowledge of the design, fabrication, performance, operation, maintenance, and support characteristics of the V-22 tiltrotor aircraft.  This notice is for information purposes only.  See note 22.


(Numbered Note 22-"Underline Note 22 if this is a noncompetitive actions")
<CONTACT>Heather Klasmeyer, Contract Specialist, Phone (301) 757-5922, Fax (301) 757-5946, Email Heather.Klasmeyer@navy.mil - Mark Krukar, Contract Specialist, Phone 301-757-5222, Fax 301-757-5284, Email mark.krukar@navy.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVAIR/NAVAIRHQ/Reference-Number-12-4-07/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF)
<LOCATION>Administrative Programs Division (APD)
<ZIP>20226
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531190
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF), Administrative Programs Division (APD), 99 New York Avenue, NE 3rd Floor - Acquisitions, Washington, DC, 20226, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>X -- Lease of Office and Warehouse Space
<DESC>The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) intends to negotiate on a Sole Source Basis with Jamestown Investment Co., Hazelwood, MO for the renewal lease of 2400 square feet of office space and warehouse space.  A determination by the Government to not compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received from interested parties will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. The Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302. There is no solicitation available for this requirement. This requirement will be awarded through the Simplified Acquisition Procedures under FAR Part 13. Questions concerning this procurement may be addressed to Wendy Miller Contracting Specialist at 202-648-9134 or Brian Wilkins Contracting Officer, by e-mail brian.wilkins@atf.gov or fax 202-648-9659.
<ARCHDATE>12202007
<CONTACT>Wendy Miller, Contract Specialist, Phone (202)648-9134, Fax (202)648-9125, Email wendy.miller@atf.gov - Brian Wilkins, Contracting Officer, Phone (202) 648-9120, Fax (202) 648-9659, Email Brian.Wilkins@atf.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BATF/APMD/Reference-Number-840100000878/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>36 CONS - Andersen
<ZIP>96543-4040
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>515210
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Pacific Air Forces, 36 CONS - Andersen, Unit 14040, Andersen AFB, GU, 96543-4040, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>99 -- Capability Stament (Television Services) for Prospective Offerors
<DESC>04 Dec 07
MEMORANDUM FOR:  PROSPECTIVE OFFERORS

FROM:	36th Contracting Squadron
	Unit 14040, Building 17000
	APO AP 96543

SUBJECT:  Capability Statement ? Television Programming Services 

1.  The 36th Contracting Squadron at Andersen AFB, Guam is seeking information on television programming services.  Television programming services include the one-way transmission to subscribers of video programming (i.e., programming provided by a television broadcast station) or other programming services, and subscriber interaction, if any, which are required for the selection or use of such video programming or other programming services.  All responses to this notice are voluntary.  We will not make reimbursement for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice.  There is no solicitation document at this time.

2.  We are seeking information in the form of capability statements from interested parties who have the necessary expertise to deliver video programming via cable (i.e. cable systems) or non-cable (i.e. direct-to-home satellite service, wireless cable system, and Internet Protocol Television (IPTV)) multi-channel video program distributors (MVPD).  Interested parties must provide responses to the items listed below.  The documentation to be submitted in response to this notice may also include any similar contracts your firm has entered into, references, and any other information that relates to television programming services:

a. Source information, including company name, address, telephone number, point of contact, contact e-mail address, and web page address;     
b. The programming services your firm offers or will be able to offer;
c. Summary of recent and relevant television programming service projects;
d. Advantages/efficiencies in providing and using the service;
e. Description of any problems encountered in providing and using the service;
f. The impact of any Federal Communications Commission decisions regarding the provision and usage of your service on Guam;  
g. Unique business practices utilized.

3. Please submit your written capability statement to either eddie.franklin@andersen.af.mil or albert.sampson@andersen.af.mil by December 14th, 2007.  The information you provide may be used in formulating any potential solicitation.  If you have any questions regarding this notice, please call me at (671) 366-2921 or Albert Sampson at (671) 366-3687.  We appreciate your interest and thank you in advance for responding to this notice.



//SIGNED//
Eddie L. Franklin Jr.
Contracting Officer
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Matthew Vilsack, Contract Specialist, Phone 671-366-1723, Fax 671-366-1103, Email matthew.vilsack@andersen.af.mil - Albert Sampson, Contracting Officer, Phone 366-3687, Fax 366-1103, Email albert.sampson@andersen.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/PAF/36CONS/Reference-Number-F1C3447248AC03/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>HSW - 311 Human Systems Wing
<ZIP>78235-5123
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334519
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, HSW - 311 Human Systems Wing, 311th HSW/PK 8150 Aeromedical Road, Brooks AFB, TX, 78235-5123, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>66 -- Notice of Intent to award a Sole Source Procurement
<DESC>Notice of Intent to award a Sole Source Procurement. The Government intends to issue a sole source purchase order for procurement of 5 ea., Analytes in MeOH 1.2 M1, Part Number 071-748. 3 ea., Canister, Internal Standard Part Number 930-433-P24. 3 ea., Canister Part Number 930-432-P24. 5 ea. Concentrator Part Number 930-719-G1. 5 ea., Conversions Tubes Part Number 930-4141-P1. for the Air Force School of Aerospace Medicine. The vendor is Inficon, Inc., 2 Technology Place, East Syracuse NY., 13057-9707. The 311 Human Systems Wing/PKBA intends to award a purchase order by other than full and open competition in accordance with Subpart 6.302-1. Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This notice is not a request for competitive proposals, but duly authorized vendors as validated to produce or sell HAPSITE Chemical Identification Systems may submit their information for future considerations or as alternate sources of supply.     Questions should be directed to Nora Lopez via email: Nora.Lopez@brooks.af.mil.
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Robert Batkins, Contract Specialist, Phone 210-536-6252, Fax 210-536-1918, Email Robert.Batkins@brooks.af.mil - Nora Lopez, Contract Specialist, Phone 210-536-2626, Fax 210-536-1918, Email nora.lopez@brooks.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/HSW/Reference-Number-F1J5AF7320A002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>HSW - 311 Human Systems Wing
<ZIP>78235-5123
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334519
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, HSW - 311 Human Systems Wing, 311th HSW/PK 8150 Aeromedical Road, Brooks AFB, TX, 78235-5123, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>66 -- Notice of Intent to award a Sole Source Procurement
<DESC>Notice of Intent to award a Sole Source Procurement. The Government intends to issue a sole source purchase order for procurement of 18 ea., Draeger Tube-Civil Defense, Simtest Set I Part # 800-031140. 18 ea., Draeger Tube-Civil Defense Set V Part # 800-03200. for the Air Force School of Aerospace Medicine. The vendor is SKC Gulf Coast, Inc., 9827 Whithorn Dr., Houston TX., 77095-5027. The 311 Human Systems Wing/PKBA intends to award a purchase order by other than full and open competition in accordance with Subpart 6.302-1. Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This notice is not a request for competitive proposals, but duly authorized vendors as validated to produce or sell Draeger CDS Systems may submit their information for future considerations or as alternate sources of supply. Questions should be directed to Nora Lopez via email: Nora.Lopez@brooks.af.mil.
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Robert Batkins, Contract Specialist, Phone 210-536-6252, Fax 210-536-1918, Email Robert.Batkins@brooks.af.mil - Nora Lopez, Contract Specialist, Phone 210-536-2626, Fax 210-536-1918, Email nora.lopez@brooks.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/HSW/Reference-Number-F1J5AF7320A003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center
<ZIP>21226-5000
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>339991
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center, 2401 Hawkins Point Road Building 31, Mail Stop 26, Baltimore, MD, 21226-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>53 -- Fin and Rudder Seals
<DESC>The Coast Guard Engineering Logistics Center will be issuing a Request for Information.  It will include information for market research and a request for industry comments on the specification.
<ARCHDATE>01302008
<CONTACT>Nancy Dean, Contracting Officer, Phone 410-762-6461, Fax 410-762-6056, Email Nancy.M.Dean@uscg.mil - Sharon Jackson, Contract Specialist, Phone 410-762-6463, Fax 410-762-6056, Email Sharon.J.Jackson@uscg.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/USCGELC/Reference-Number-HSCG40-08-I-50055/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Social Security Administration
<OFFICE>Office of Budget, Finance, and Management
<LOCATION>Office of Acquisition and Grants
<ZIP>21244
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541519
<OFFADD>Social Security Administration, Office of Budget, Finance, and Management, Office of Acquisition and Grants, 1st Floor, Rear Entrance 7111 Security Blvd., Baltimore, MD, 21244, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Software Module for Software Developers Beta Test 2008
<DESC>Description

The Social Security Administration (SSA) is currently performing market research to identify capable vendors who can provide wage reporting (Form W-2) off the shelf software applications to participate in the Electronic Wage Reporting (EWR) Software Module for Software Developers (SMSD) beta test that Business Services Online (BSO) will conduct in FYs 2008 and 2009.  

The SMSD is a new channel for uploading wage files and viewing the status of submitted wage reports and providing a registration option for users of this new service channel.  SSA will test the services provided on BSO within a distributed, service-oriented architecture, for EWR.  

As a result of the above, SSA is interested in having vendors who provide wage reporting (Form W-2) off-the-shelf software applications participate in this EWR SMSD beta test.  The beta test is structured to use a model where the participating vendors sell off-the-shelf software that creates wage reports (W-2s) for their customers to create and generate W-2 forms.  The SMSD will allow the user of this software to access a special Uniform Resource Locator (URL) to register for a User ID and password and to seamlessly upload the wage report directly from the off-the-shelf software. The SMSD will provide a receipt to each user who uploads a wage report.  In addition, the SMSD will allow the user to obtain status of the file (wage report) that they submitted to SSA.

Technical Requirements

The SMSD beta test is a J2EE application which plans to use Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) and Web Service Description Language (WSDL) specifications.  The secure offerings adhere to Version 1.1 of the Web Services-Interoperability Organization (WS-I) Basic Profile.  SOAP message integrity is ensured by following Web Services Security Version 1.0 standards.  Because of this approach to standardization, participation companies can develop in their environment of choice (e.g., Java, Visual Studio.NET, Perl) to invoke the services and feel confident that their message payload is not compromised upon delivery to SSA.

The wage file submission service will accept binary files in the Specifications for Filing Forms W-2 Electronically (EFW2) format as input, and these files may be optionally compressed.  Files may be attached to the message using the SOAP Message Transmission Optimization Mechanism, or they may be transmitted inline as base64 encoded data.

In FYs 2007 and 2008, SSA anticipates finalizing its SMSD offering and allowing vendors to participate in planned alpha tests tentatively scheduled for July 2008.  The WSDL required to invoke the service will be made available to the beta test participants around early May with a developer's guide to follow shortly thereafter.  A draft of the WSDL/s will be available upon request.  If you would like a copy of the draft WSDL/s, email your request to SSNVS@ssa.gov

Participating vendors will be required to sign a participation agreement with SSA and be prepared to support the following beta test periods.  

Tentative key dates for the SMSD pilot are:

Beta Test Validation start:		September 2008
Beta Testing release date:		December 2008

Selection Criteria that will be used for Choosing Vendors to Participate in the Beta Test of the SMSD

--The vendor must currently write their own wage reporting software;
--The vendor must sell their wage reporting software to customers;
--The vendor must have the ability to modify their wage reporting software environment so they can start alpha testing with SSA around late July 2008; and
--A representative selection of small, medium and large businesses will be chosen.

Instructions for Interested Parties

Interested parties wishing to be included in the discussion pertaining to participation in this SMSD beta test shall send an email to melinda.lewis@ssa.gov on or before 3:00 p.m. eastern time (EST) Tuesday, December 18, 2007.  Upon receipt of the email each vendor will be included on a list to participate in a teleconference that is tentatively scheduled for January 4, 2008.  The purpose of the teleconference is to address/discuss any questions/concerns vendors may have pertaining to the stated requirements.  SSA requests that respondents reference "SSA Software Module for Software Developers Beta Test 2008" in the "subject" field of their email and include the following information:

--Contact name, mailing address, phone number and an email address;
--Management name, mailing address, phone number and email address;
--Company website address;
--Name(s) of wage reporting software product(s); and 
--Number of software packages annually in use by your customers.

Respondents should be aware that this Request for Information (RFI) is for marketing/informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation or Request for Proposal.  This RFI is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government and responses to this RFI are not offers and cannot be accepted by SSA to form a binding contract.  SSA does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this RFI or pay for any information provided as a result of this RFI and will not recognize or reimburse any cost associated with any RFI submissions or follow up information that is requested.    

Any responses to the RFI will not be returned and requests for inclusion in the teleconference will not be accepted after the due date.  All communications shall be by email.  

Respondents will not receive a synopsis of the discussion held during the teleconference.  Information received will be considered solely to make informed decisions regarding a potential procurement.  

On behalf of the SSA, thank you for your interest.
<CONTACT>Melinda Lewis, Contract Specialist, Phone 410-965-9492, Fax 410-966-9310, Email melinda.lewis@ssa.gov - Jane Quinn, Contract Specialist, Phone 4109659588, Fax 4109659560, Email jane.quinn@ssa.gov
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/SSA/DCFIAM/OAG/Reference-Number-SSA-RFI-08-1000/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, South Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Knox
<ZIP>40121-5000
<NAICS>334290
<OFFADD>ACA, Fort Knox, Directorate of Contracting, Building 1109B, Fort Knox, KY  40121-5000
<SUBJECT>--Intent to award sole source.
<DESC>ACA, Directorate of Contracting, Fort Knox intends to award on a sole source basis a contract to Strategic Systems, Inc. for upgrade/additional parts to existing equipment.  This equipment must be compatible with the existing Range In A Box (RIAB) ta rget system.   Strategic Systems, Inc. is the original manufacturer and only known source.  Comments must be received, in writing, no later than 1:00 PM, 10 December, 2007. Comments may be faxed to 502-624-7165 or sent via email to Daryl.Hughes@knox.army.m il.
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABK/DABK21/USA-SNOTE-071204-001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>TACOM - Picatinny, Center for  Contracting and Commerce
<ZIP>07806-5000
<OFFADD>US Army ARDEC, AMSTA-AR-PC, Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey 07806-5000
<SUBJECT>40MM Extended Range Non-Lethal
<DESC>XM1140 Extended Range 40mm Non-Lethal Marking Cartridges This announcement is issued for planning purposes only and constitutes a request for exchange of information pursuant to FAR 15.201.  This purpose of exchanging information is to both improve the understanding of Government requirements and knowledge of industry capabilities. Potential offerors are invited to participate in one-on-one discussion with XM1140 personnel. The discussions will center around 40mm Non-Lethal Marking capability.  These one-on-one discussions will provide an opportunity for potential offerors to share comments and ask questions regarding a future solicitation.  The format of the meeting will be round table discussions and no formal presentation is required.  Meetings will be held at Picatinny Arsenal on December 18th, 19th, and 20th giving each contractor a maximum of three (3) hours for discussion.  Interested parties should contact Pete Snedeker peter.snedeker@us.army.mil (973)724-4009 NLT Dec 12th to arrange a meeting day and time.  Due to security measures offerors are asked to email/call as soon as possible to schedule a meeting date to allow for adequate time to process visitor clearance. It is requested that ONLY interested parties with proven experience and capability in the area of 40mm Non Lethal Extended Range Cartridges participate in the one-on-ones. Note:  The Government will take into consideration all comments and questions presented at the one-on-ones.  They may also be submitted electronically.  Any proprietary information provided by an offeror during these discussions will be kept confidential.  In addition, no information exchanged in industry one-on- ones will be considered in the evaluation process.  The Request for Proposal will be the only time that an offerors information is evaluated for award. A DRAFT listing of the Governments planned requirements (Thresholds and Objectives) is attached and will be discussed during the one-on-ones.  Although a formal presentation is not required, interested parties are expected to have adequate experience and familiarity with the 40mm cartridges to have meaningful discussions with Government personnel.
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Peter Snedeker, Contract Specialist, (973)724-4009
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAE30/USA-SNOTE-071204-002/listing.html
<DESC>US ARMY TACOM-Picatinny Procurement Network
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>US Army Corp of Engineers - Alaska
<ZIP>99506-6898
<OFFADD>US Army Corp of Engineers, Alaska, CEPOA-CT, P. O. Box 6898, Elmendorf AFB, AK  99506-6898
<SUBJECT>--Solicitation Update
<DESC>Release of the solicitation for FTW 306 is delayed until further notice.
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA85/USA-SNOTE-071204-003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick
<ZIP>01760-5011
<NAICS>314999
<OFFADD>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick, ATTN:  AMSRD-ACC-N, Natick Contracting Division (R and BaseOPS), Building 1, Kansas Street, Natick, MA  01760-5011
<SUBJECT>--Low Cost Aerial Delivery System (LCADS)
<DESC>The US Army RDECOM Acquisition Center, Natick Contracting Division, intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with C & E Industries, Inc., of Fall River, MA, under the authority of 15 USC 657f , FAR 19.1406(a) Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small B usiness Sole Source Award, and FAR 6.302-1(a)(2)(ii) Follow-on contract for the continued development or production, a quantity of 25 each, Low Velocity (LCADS) Parachutes, a quantity of 10 each,  High Velocity Parachutes, 70 each, Low Cost Containers, and  25 each Low Cost Parachute Deployment Bags .  This system is required to complete on going air drop testing.   The manufacturer will be responsible for obtaining all required material (fabric, thread, etc) and for complete fabrication of the chute, includ ing packing.  No Solicitation Document Exists.  All questions and/or inquiries must be submitted either by fax to (508) 233-5250 or E-mail.   No Telephone Calls Please.  The closing date of this notice is 14 December 2007.  The E-mail address for Elaine Sc arnici is Elaine.M.Scarnici@us.army.mil.  See Note 29.
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAD16/USA-SNOTE-071204-004/listing.html
<DESC>Natick Acquisitions Web Page
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick
<ZIP>01760-5011
<NAICS>335991
<OFFADD>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick, ATTN:  AMSRD-ACC-N, Natick Contracting Division (R and BaseOPS), Building 1, Kansas Street, Natick, MA  01760-5011
<SUBJECT>--NON-COMMERCIAL GRADE POLYETHYLENE FIBER
<DESC>United States Army RDECOM Acquisition Center, Natick, MA on behalf of the U.S. Marine Corps  has a requirement for non-commercial grade polyethylene fiber for research and development. The Government intends to award one (1) Firm-Fixed Price Purchase  Order to DSM Dyneema, a large business located in Mauritslaan 49, Urmond P.O. Box 1163, 6160 BD Geleen, The Netherlands.  All materials used in this effort will be manufactured domestically and any work will performed in the U.S. at the DSM Dyneema facili ty located in Stanley, North Carolina 28164. This effort is to provide the Government with polyethylene fiber for research and development purposes. The Government has a requirement to test and evaluate a non-commercial grade of polyethylene produced only by DSM Dyneema using proprietary methods.  As such, DSM Dyneema is the only available source to satisfy the requirement.  The North American Industry Classification System Identifier for this procurement is 335991; the Small Business Size Standard is 750 e mployees.  Questions concerning this synopsis can be directed to Kevin Parker, Contract Specialist, at kevin.james.parker@us.army.mil .
<ARCHDATE>03032008
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAD16/USA-SNOTE-071204-005/listing.html
<DESC>RDECOM Natick Acquisition Center, Natick Contracting Division
</SNOTE>


<SSALE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Kennedy Space Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>32899
<OFFADD>NASA/John F. Kennedy Space Center, Procurement, Kennedy Space Center, FL 32899
<SUBJECT>70--70--SEALED BID SALE OF COMPUTER EQUIP CLEANING EQUIP OFFICE EQUIP HAND TOOLS VALVES OVEN BOOK STITCHER TYING MACHINE ETC
<CONTACT>Pauletta K. McGinnis, Sales Contracting Officer, Phone 321-867-7027, Fax 321-867-2588, Email Pauletta.K.McGinnis@nasa.gov
<DESC>Sealed Bid Sale of Misc. Computer Equipment, Cleaning Equip., Office Equip., Hand Tools, Valves, Oven, Book Stitcher, Tying Machine, etc. Property is located at the NASA, John F. Kennedy Space Center, Kennedy Space Center, FL.  Inspection dates are December 17 - 21, 2007, from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm, local time.  Bid opening is January 10, 2008, at 2:00 pm local time. A copy of the Invitation for Bid may be obtained from the Internet at:  http://surplus.ksc.nasa.gov, under Sealed Bid 804200-2008-0007, or call 321-867-2287 and ask for Sale Number 804200-2008-0007.
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/KSC/OPDC20220/NASA-SSALE-071204-001/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Pauletta.K.McGinnis@nasa.gov
<DESC>Pauletta K. McGinnis </EMAIL>
</SSALE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Office of the Secretary
<LOCATION>National Business Center GovWorks
<SOLNBR>0407RP13055
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVSEA HQ
<SOLNBR>07NR53121
<AWDNBR>N00024-07-2258
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1116
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Health Resources and Services Administration
<LOCATION>Division of Procurement Management
<SOLNBR>08-S250-1006-DOB
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1101
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Health Resources and Services Administration
<LOCATION>Division of Procurement Management
<SOLNBR>08-S250-1006-DOB
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Fish and Wildlife Service
<LOCATION>CGS-WO
<SOLNBR>101817Q091
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0916
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Agency for International Development
<OFFICE>Overseas Missions
<LOCATION>Jordan USAID-Amman
<SOLNBR>139-2007-Central
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1122
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>National Park Service
<LOCATION>NPS - All Offices
<SOLNBR>1443N4500070906
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>National Park Service
<LOCATION>NPS - All Offices
<SOLNBR>1443N4500070906
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer (fp), USCG Integrated Support Command New Orleans
<SOLNBR>21-08-2983JM105
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0607
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Commerce
<OFFICE>Patent and Trademark Office (PTO)
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>297P0750267
<AWDNBR>Doc40papt0702283
<LINENBR>ALL
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0606
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Commerce
<OFFICE>Patent and Trademark Office (PTO)
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>297P0750267
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Fish and Wildlife Service
<LOCATION>CGS-WO
<SOLNBR>401817Q015
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1108
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Mobility Command
<LOCATION>60th CONS
<SOLNBR>442772080402
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Mobility Command
<LOCATION>60th CONS
<SOLNBR>442772080402
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0710
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>West Palm Beach VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>548-07-616
<AWDNBR>548-A70478
<LINENBR>ALL
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0523
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>West Palm Beach VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>548-07-616
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0522
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>West Palm Beach VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>548-07-616
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0523
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>West Palm Beach VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>548-07-616
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0220
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>NB Contractor - Julien J. Studley, Inc.
<SOLNBR>5TX0060
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1106
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>NB Contractor - Julien J. Studley, Inc.
<SOLNBR>5TX0060
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1114
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>GSA, FSS, Heartland Region (6FC and 6FL)
<SOLNBR>6FLS-F7-8040-01-108-6660-STOCK
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1005
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Acquisition Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Acquisition Center
<SOLNBR>797-DSNS-0711
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0823
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Acquisition Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Acquisition Center
<SOLNBR>797-DSNS-0711
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1005
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Acquisition Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Acquisition Center
<SOLNBR>797-DSNS-0717
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0830
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Acquisition Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Acquisition Center
<SOLNBR>797-DSNS-0717
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0123
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-4 SW Idaho/Nevada Acquisition Office
<SOLNBR>AG-0256-S-07-0001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0523
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-4 SW Idaho/Nevada Acquisition Office
<SOLNBR>AG-0256-S-07-0007
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0803
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-4 SW Idaho/Nevada Acquisition Office
<SOLNBR>AG-0256-S-07-0012
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0517
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-4 SW Idaho/Nevada Acquisition Office
<SOLNBR>AG-0261-S-07-0020
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0716
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-4 SW Idaho/Nevada Acquisition Office
<SOLNBR>AG-0261-S-07-0037
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0724
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-4 SW Idaho/Nevada Acquisition Office
<SOLNBR>AG-0261-S-07-0042
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0312
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-4 SW Idaho/Nevada Acquisition Office
<SOLNBR>AG-0267-S-07-0010
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0430
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-4 SW Idaho/Nevada Acquisition Office
<SOLNBR>AG-0267-S-07-0015
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R8/R9 Western Operations Center-AQM
<SOLNBR>AG-447U-S-08-0006EG
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Procurement Branch
<SOLNBR>Ct1853-07
<AWDNBR>DJU4600003084
<LINENBR>1-10
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0524
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Energy
<OFFICE>Federal Locations
<LOCATION>All DOE Federal Contracting Offices
<SOLNBR>DE-RQ65-07WC75881
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Transportation
<OFFICE>Federal Highway Administration (FHWA)
<LOCATION>Western Federal Lands Highway Division
<SOLNBR>DTFH70-07-R-00015
<AWDNBR>DTFH70-07-D00001T-08-001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Transportation
<OFFICE>Federal Transit Administration (FTA)
<LOCATION>Federal Transit Administration HQ
<SOLNBR>DTFT60-08-R-00003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0917
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Commerce
<OFFICE>National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
<LOCATION>Eastern Region Acquisition Division
<SOLNBR>EA133M-08-RP-0003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1012
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Education
<OFFICE>Contracts & Acquisitions Management
<LOCATION>Contracts (All ED Components)
<SOLNBR>ED-08-R-0002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Education
<OFFICE>Contracts & Acquisitions Management
<LOCATION>Contracts (All ED Components)
<SOLNBR>ED-08-R-0002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Contracting Office/Otisville
<SOLNBR>EP2396-08
<AWDNBR>DJU4600003071
<LINENBR>002-003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Contracting Office/Otisville
<SOLNBR>EP2401-08
<AWDNBR>DJU4600003085
<LINENBR>005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Contracting Office/Otisville
<SOLNBR>EP2401-08
<AWDNBR>DJU4600003086
<LINENBR>003-004
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Contracting Office/Otisville
<SOLNBR>EP2401-08
<AWDNBR>DJU4600003087
<LINENBR>001-002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1109
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>21CONS (Bldg 982)
<SOLNBR>FA2517-08-T-6005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1113
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>21CONS (Bldg 982)
<SOLNBR>FA2517-08-T-6005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1114
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>21CONS (Bldg 982)
<SOLNBR>FA2517-08-T-6005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>45CONS (Bldg 423)
<SOLNBR>FA2521-08-T-0031
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>45CONS (Bldg 423)
<SOLNBR>FA2521-08-T-0032
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>23 CONS
<SOLNBR>FA4830-08-CONCRETE
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>374 CONS - Yokota
<SOLNBR>FA5209-08-T-0019
<AWDNBR>FA5209-08-P-0059
<LINENBR>0001-0003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1108
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>15 CONS - Hickam
<SOLNBR>FA5215-08-M-7006
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1025
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>United States Air Force Europe
<LOCATION>52 CONS - Spangdahlem
<SOLNBR>FA5606-08-R-0002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0717
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8103-07-Q-0595
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8103-07-Q-0646
<AWDNBR>FA8103-08-M-0037
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0803
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8103-07-Q-0672
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8103-07-Q-0751
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8103-07-Q-0754
<AWDNBR>FA8200-05-G-0001-SD72
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1018
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8103-08-Q-0148
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8103-08-Q-0151
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1211
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA810307R0144
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0043
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1115
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0087
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0094
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1122
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0097
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1217
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0097
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1128
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0098
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0104
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1206
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0110
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0205
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-Q-0110
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0216
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0079
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0222
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0079
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1206
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0079
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1205
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0085
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1207
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0135
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1127
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0137
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1208
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0154
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1207
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0171
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1128
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0176
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1129
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0181
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1205
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0184
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1211
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0194
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1206
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0194
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0423
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0194
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0361
<AWDNBR>FA8104-07-C-0013
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0605
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0498
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0621
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0498
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0821
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<SOLNBR>FA8203-07-R-70103
<AWDNBR>FA8203-07-C-0187
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<SOLNBR>FA8213-07-Q-3007
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<SOLNBR>FA8213-07-Q-77253
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0821
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<SOLNBR>FA8221-07-M-0014
<AWDNBR>FA8221-07-M-0014
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1106
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>WR-ALC
<SOLNBR>FA8518-07-Q-20172
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0919
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>WR-ALC
<SOLNBR>FA8518-07-R-14335
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>WR-ALC
<SOLNBR>FA8531-08-Q-20035
<AWDNBR>FA8531-08-M-0006
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0912
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>ASC - Aeronautical Systems Center
<SOLNBR>FA8601-07-R-0035
<AWDNBR>FA8601-07-C-0039
<LINENBR>0001-0004
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FD2030-07-81097
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FD2030-08-70746
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Mobility Command
<LOCATION>60th CONS
<SOLNBR>FM442772080402
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Mobility Command
<LOCATION>60th CONS
<SOLNBR>FM442772080402
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Mobility Command
<LOCATION>60th CONS
<SOLNBR>FM442772730014
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0904
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Gulf Coast Service Center (7PEG)
<SOLNBR>GS-07P-07-UR-C-0075
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Gulf Coast Service Center (7PEG)
<SOLNBR>GS-07P-07-UR-C-0075
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1127
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>U.S. Special Operations Command
<LOCATION>Naval Special Warfare Group 1
<SOLNBR>H92240-08-T-7003A
<AWDNBR>H92240-08-P-0027
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1101
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>U.S. Special Operations Command
<LOCATION>Naval Special Warfare Development Group
<SOLNBR>H92244-08-T-0004
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>U.S. Special Operations Command
<LOCATION>Naval Special Warfare Development Group
<SOLNBR>H92244-08-T-0004
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>U.S. Special Operations Command
<LOCATION>Naval Special Warfare Development Group
<SOLNBR>H92244-08-T-0004
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1114
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>Department of Defense Education Activity
<LOCATION>DoDEA Headquarters Procurement Branch
<SOLNBR>HE1254-08-T-0003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1102
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Aircraft Repair & Supply Center
<SOLNBR>HSCG38-08-Q-200012
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1108
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Aircraft Repair & Supply Center
<SOLNBR>HSCG38-08-Q-S00005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center
<SOLNBR>HSCG40-08-Q-2HB013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center
<SOLNBR>HSCG40-08-Q-40150
<AWDNBR>HSCG40-08-P-40156
<LINENBR>1-17
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1109
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center
<SOLNBR>HSCG40-08-Q-40168
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1109
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer (a-3), Headquarters Support Command
<SOLNBR>HSCGG8-08-RFP-PBJ003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>National Park Service
<LOCATION>NPS - All Offices
<SOLNBR>I1524078058
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1015
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>9 CONS
<SOLNBR>IndustryForum17Oct07
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>9 CONS
<SOLNBR>IndustryForum17Oct07
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1106
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Agricultural Marketing Service
<LOCATION>Fruit and Vegetable Programs
<SOLNBR>Invitation903
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1109
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>Washington Headquarters Services
<LOCATION>Acquisition and  Procurement Office
<SOLNBR>JDH110907
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>Washington Headquarters Services
<LOCATION>Acquisition and  Procurement Office
<SOLNBR>JDH110907
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1029
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton - RCO
<SOLNBR>M0068108T0007
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1029
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>United States Marine Corps
<LOCATION>Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton - RCO
<SOLNBR>M0068108T0008
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<SOLNBR>N0010407RCQ64
<AWDNBR>N0010408CCA16
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<SOLNBR>N0010407REE66
<AWDNBR>N0010408CBA04
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<SOLNBR>N0010407RLK90
<AWDNBR>N0010402G03035065
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1129
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<SOLNBR>N0010408QQ102
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Office of Naval Research
<LOCATION>Naval Research Laboratory/Supply
<SOLNBR>N00173-08-Q-0001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1025
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Office of Naval Research
<LOCATION>Naval Research Laboratory/Supply
<SOLNBR>N00173-08-Q-0005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1127
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NSWC Dahlgren Division
<SOLNBR>N0017808Q1023
<AWDNBR>N0017808P1002
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1114
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC NORFOLK PHILADELPHIA OFFICE
<SOLNBR>N00189-08-Q-Z011
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC NORFOLK, PORTSMOUTH NAVAL SHIPYARD ANNEX
<SOLNBR>N0018908QP203
<AWDNBR>N0018908FP203
<LINENBR>0001 & 0002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<SOLNBR>N0038308QF004
<AWDNBR>N0038306G006F3861
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<SOLNBR>N0038308QF006
<AWDNBR>N0038306G006F3863
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>FISC PUGET SOUND
<SOLNBR>N00406-07-T-1981
<AWDNBR>N00406-08-P-0690
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Facilities Engineering Command
<LOCATION>North Carolina IPT
<SOLNBR>N40085-08-R-1400
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-5026
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1030
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-5047
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1114
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-5064
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-5070
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1025
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst
<SOLNBR>N68335-08-RFI-0021
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1109
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Facilities Engineering Command
<LOCATION>NAVFAC Southeast, Southeast
<SOLNBR>N69450-IPTGC-M8TLR
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0801
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Kennedy Space Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>NASA-SSALE-070801-001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1101
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Commerce
<OFFICE>National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
<LOCATION>Acquisition and Grants Office
<SOLNBR>NEEL0000-8-25499
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1106
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Commerce
<OFFICE>National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
<LOCATION>Acquisition and Grants Office
<SOLNBR>NEEL0000-8-25499
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0314
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Glenn Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>NNC07ZRM007R
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0413
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Glenn Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>NNC07ZRM008R
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0502
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Glenn Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>NNC07ZRM008R
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0430
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Glenn Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>NNC07ZRM008R
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0404
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Glenn Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>NNC07ZRM008R
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0727
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Kennedy Space Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>NNK07208864Q
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0605
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>George C. Marshall Space Flight Center
<LOCATION>Procurement Office
<SOLNBR>NNM06158472R
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>George C. Marshall Space Flight Center
<LOCATION>Procurement Office
<SOLNBR>NNM06158472R
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0613
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>George C. Marshall Space Flight Center
<LOCATION>Procurement Office
<SOLNBR>NNM06158472R
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0523
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>George C. Marshall Space Flight Center
<LOCATION>Procurement Office
<SOLNBR>NNM06158472R
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1128
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>National Institutes of Health
<LOCATION>National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences
<SOLNBR>PPR70026
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>National Park Service
<LOCATION>NPS - All Offices
<SOLNBR>Q9473073019
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1106
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Commerce
<OFFICE>National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
<LOCATION>National Data Buoy Center
<SOLNBR>QA1330-08-RQ-0028
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1114
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>Office Supplies & Administrative Services Acquisition Center (2FY)
<SOLNBR>QSDABB-AD-0534
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1022
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>RFI0003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1019
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>RFI0003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0510
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
<OFFICE>Office of Finance
<LOCATION>Department of Procurement
<SOLNBR>RFP-9531-07-R-0400
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0510
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
<OFFICE>Office of Finance
<LOCATION>Department of Procurement
<SOLNBR>RFP-9531-07-R-0400
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0522
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
<OFFICE>Office of Finance
<LOCATION>Department of Procurement
<SOLNBR>RFP-9531-07-R-0400
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0522
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
<OFFICE>Office of Finance
<LOCATION>Department of Procurement
<SOLNBR>RFP-9531-07-R-0400
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0531
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
<OFFICE>Office of Finance
<LOCATION>Department of Procurement
<SOLNBR>RFP-9531-07-R-0400
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0717
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
<OFFICE>Office of Finance
<LOCATION>Department of Procurement
<SOLNBR>RFP-9531-07-R-0400
<AWDNBR>USHMM K #AC-9531-07-0017 (awarded off revised prop
<LINENBR>ALL
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1015
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States House of Representatives
<OFFICE>Office of the Chief Administrative Officer
<LOCATION>CAO Procurement Management
<SOLNBR>RFP-OPR07000093
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1101
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States House of Representatives
<OFFICE>Office of the Chief Administrative Officer
<LOCATION>CAO Procurement Management
<SOLNBR>RFP-OPR07000093
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1018
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Indian Health Service
<LOCATION>Aberdeen Area Office
<SOLNBR>RFQ-08-009
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Trade and Development Agency
<OFFICE>USTDA Contracts Office
<LOCATION>USTDA
<SOLNBR>RFQ-CO2008810001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1030
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<SOLNBR>RFQ-DC-08-00013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<SOLNBR>RFQ-DC-08-00013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1106
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<SOLNBR>RFQ-DC-08-00013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<SOLNBR>RFQ-DC-08-00013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1025
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<SOLNBR>RFQ-DC-08-00013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1026
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<SOLNBR>RFQ-DC-08-00013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1026
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<SOLNBR>RFQ-DC-08-00013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>EPA/Headquarters
<SOLNBR>RFQ-DC-08-00013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Bureau of Investigation
<LOCATION>Procurement Section
<SOLNBR>RFQ0221107
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Sea Systems Command
<LOCATION>NUWC Keyport Division
<SOLNBR>RFQ242353
<AWDNBR>N0025307F0017
<LINENBR>0001-0003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1012
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>United States Trade and Development Agency
<OFFICE>USTDA
<LOCATION>USTDA
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-0711028A
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1005
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Energy
<OFFICE>Pacific Northwest National Laboratory - Battelle (DOE Contractor)
<LOCATION>PNNL Licensing
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-14870
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1114
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>GSA, FSS, Heartland Region (6FC and 6FL)
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-6FLS-F7-8040-00-776-9603-STOCK
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1115
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Reutilization and Marketing Service
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-72966002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0710
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Labor
<OFFICE>Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management
<LOCATION>Procurement Services Center
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-DOL-OSHA-ONMO-PROF-TECH-SUP-LBU-2-20070610
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0710
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Labor
<OFFICE>Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management
<LOCATION>Procurement Services Center
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-DOL-OSHA-ONMO-PROF-TECH-SUP-LBU-2-20070610
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1126
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-F2DCCF7297A002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1115
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>21CONS (Bldg 982)
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-F3L1CA7310A001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>ACC AMIC/PK
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-FA4890-07-R-Weatherservices
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-FD2030-07-82175
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1102
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Food and Drug Administration
<LOCATION>Office of Acquisitions and Grants Services
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-FDA1037408
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1029
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>NB CB Richard Ellis
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-GS-P-08-07-JC-0022
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Executive Office of the President
<OFFICE>Office of Procurement
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-OMB-RFI-08-0001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1108
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Energy
<OFFICE>Idaho National Laboratory (DOE Contractor)
<LOCATION>Idaho National Laboratory
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-PROC038
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1114
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Distribution Center
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-SB3100-7313-3125
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0824
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment
<SOLNBR>SMP8EF-07-R-0003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0829
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Clothing & Textiles
<SOLNBR>SPM1C1-07-Q-0571
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1203
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Clothing & Textiles
<SOLNBR>SPM1C1-07-Q-0571
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Clothing & Textiles
<SOLNBR>SPM1C1-07-Q-0571
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM2D108T0935
<AWDNBR>SPM2D108V0101
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0521
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-07-R-0509
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-07-R-0509
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1009
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-07-R-0509
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0612
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-07-R-0509
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0606
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-07-R-0509
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0925
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-08-R-0013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A5-08-R-0049
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0925
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A6-08-R-0029
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0927
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<SOLNBR>SPM4A6-08-R-0037
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1026
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608Q0875
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1022
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608R0014
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608R0014
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608R0056
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1001
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608R0313
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1009
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-07-R-1741
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0925
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-07-R-1741
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1010
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0100
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1005
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0183
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1009
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A7-08-R-0183
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A707QB325
<AWDNBR>SPM4A708M2480
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q0805
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q0950
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q1611
<AWDNBR>SPM4A708M2484
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q1629
<AWDNBR>SPM4A708M2582
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1114
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708T0180
<AWDNBR>SPM4A708M2282
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0928
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<SOLNBR>SPM4L1-08-R-0011
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1102
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<SOLNBR>SPM4L108R0028
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0802
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<SOLNBR>SPM4LG07R0013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0828
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<SOLNBR>SPM4LG07R0013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1005
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<SOLNBR>SPM4LG07R0013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1019
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4M1-07-R-0554
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0807
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4M1-07-R-0554
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0806
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4M1-07-R-0554
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1019
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4M1-07-R-0554
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1001
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4M1-08-R-0031
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4M1-08-R-0036
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1101
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108Q0455
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108U0006
<AWDNBR>SPM4M108M1890
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM5AA08Q0034
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1026
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM5L308Q0063
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1025
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM5L408Q0042
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7A208Q0010
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7A208Q0011
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7A208Q0012
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7A208Q0013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7A608Q0043
<AWDNBR>SPM7A608M0281
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7AX-07-X-0128
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1015
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7AX-08-X-0029
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1025
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7AX-08-X-0064
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<SOLNBR>SPM7AX-08-X-0158
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7L2-07-R-0239
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7L3-07-R-0074
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1025
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7L308Q0033
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1025
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7L308Q0036
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1005
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<SOLNBR>SPM7LX-07-R-0071
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0607
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<SOLNBR>SPM7LX-07-R-0071
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1004
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<SOLNBR>SPM7LX-07-R-0097
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<SOLNBR>SPM7LX07R0086
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<SOLNBR>SPM7LX07R0109
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<SOLNBR>SPM7LX07R0114
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7M207Q3258
<AWDNBR>SPM7M208M1210
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0928
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7M7-07-R-0029
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1022
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0017
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1022
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0018
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1022
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0019
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0020
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1022
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0021
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1022
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0021
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1019
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908X0022
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0530
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7MX-07-R-0106
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7MX-07-R-0106
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<SOLNBR>SPM7MX-07-R-0139
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<SOLNBR>SPM7MX-07-X-0015
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7MX06R0071
<AWDNBR>SPM7MX07D7077
<LINENBR>0001-0023
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7MX06R0074
<AWDNBR>SPM7MX07D7078
<LINENBR>0001-0012
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1115
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>Management Services Center (10FT)
<SOLNBR>TFTP-EW-990899-B
<AWDNBR>GS-10F-0042U
<LINENBR>899-5-5RC
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1127
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>Management Services Center (10FT)
<SOLNBR>TFTP-EW-990899-B
<AWDNBR>GS-10F-0040U
<LINENBR>899-8-899-8RC
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1126
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>Management Services Center (10FT)
<SOLNBR>TFTP-MC-000874-B
<AWDNBR>GS-10F-0045U
<LINENBR>874-1-874-2-874-1RC-874-2RC
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Intelligence and Security Command
<LOCATION>HQ USAINSCOM, Directorate of Contracting
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Vicksburg
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Baltimore
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-004
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Vicksburg
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACA, ITEC4
<LOCATION>ACA, ITEC4 - West
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-006
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-007
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-008
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-009
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-010
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>RDECOM Acquisition Center - Natick
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-011
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, South Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Knox
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-012
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Command
<LOCATION>Western Regional Contracting Office
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>National Guard Bureau
<LOCATION>USPFO for Kansas
<SOLNBR>USA-SNOTE-070905-014
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0706
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>ASC - Aeronautical Systems Center
<SOLNBR>USAF-SNOTE-070706-001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1001
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Acquisition Operations Service
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Acquisition Operations Service
<SOLNBR>VA-101-07-RQ-0459
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0911
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Acquisition Operations Service
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Acquisition Operations Service
<SOLNBR>VA-101-07-RQ-0459
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0924
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Office of Construction & Facilities Management
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Facilities Management
<SOLNBR>VA-101-08-RI-0004
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0924
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Office of Construction & Facilities Management
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Facilities Management
<SOLNBR>VA-101-08-RI-0005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0924
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Office of Construction & Facilities Management
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Facilities Management
<SOLNBR>VA-101-08-RI-0006
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1005
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Pittsburgh Healthcare System
<SOLNBR>VA-244-08-RP-0021
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0924
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Tennessee Valley Health Care System (Murfreesboro)
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Tennessee Valley Health Care System Alvin C. York Campus
<SOLNBR>VA-249-07-IB-0113
<AWDNBR>VA249-C-0259
<LINENBR>1
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0726
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Fayetteville (AR) VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>VA-256-07-RP-0134
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0726
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Fayetteville (AR) VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>VA-256-07-RP-0136
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0918
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Fayetteville (AR) VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>VA-256-07-RP-0136
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0918
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Fayetteville (AR) VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>VA-256-07-RP-0139
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0726
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Fayetteville (AR) VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>VA-256-07-RP-0139
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0810
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Fayetteville (AR) VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>VA-256-07-RQ-0173
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0822
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Fayetteville (AR) VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<SOLNBR>VA-256-07-RQ-0173
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1112
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA South Texas Health Care System
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs South Texas Health Care System
<SOLNBR>VA-257-08-RQ-0038
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0927
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Palo Alto Health Care System
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Care System
<SOLNBR>VA-261-08-RP-0006
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1001
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Corporate Franchise Data Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Corporate Franchise Data Center
<SOLNBR>VA-777-08-RP-0008
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Cemetery Administration Centralized Contracting Division
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration
<SOLNBR>VA-786-08-RP-0005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0726
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Acquisition Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Acquisition Center
<SOLNBR>VA-797-07-RP-0099
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1005
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Acquisition Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Acquisition Center
<SOLNBR>VA-797-08-RI-0003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1130
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>VARIOUS-30-Nov-2007
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1102
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Procurement Branch
<SOLNBR>VC165-08
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1102
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Procurement Branch
<SOLNBR>VC166-08
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Missiles)
<SOLNBR>W31P4Q07T0571
<AWDNBR>W31P4Q08P0064
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0914
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<SOLNBR>W52H09-07-JFTOT
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0618
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<SOLNBR>W52H09-07-R-0401
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0821
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<SOLNBR>W52H09-07-R-0490
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0828
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<SOLNBR>W52H09-07-R-0510
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0820
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<SOLNBR>W52H09-07-R-0510
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<SOLNBR>W52H0907R0210
<AWDNBR>W52H0908C0031
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0821
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<SOLNBR>W52H0907R0395
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0824
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<SOLNBR>W52H0907R0395
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0927
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Sustainment Command
<SOLNBR>W52P1J05C0047
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0920
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<SOLNBR>W56HZV06C0255_P00046
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0920
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<SOLNBR>W56HZV06C0255_P00047
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08RHH01
<AWDNBR>W56HZV08C0100
<LINENBR>0001AC
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08RHH01
<AWDNBR>W56HZV08C0077
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08RHH01
<AWDNBR>W56HZV08C0076
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08RHH01
<AWDNBR>W56HZV08C0056
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<SOLNBR>W56HZV08RHH01
<AWDNBR>W56HZV08C0049
<LINENBR>0001AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0821
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-07-R-0212
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0912
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-07-R-0212
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0906
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-07-R-0420
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0829
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Huntsville
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-07-R-0601
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0827
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Huntsville
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-07-R-0601
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0821
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ07R0563
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<SOLNBR>W81XWH7267N000
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<SOLNBR>W81XWH7267N000
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0719
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Command
<LOCATION>European Regional Contracting Office
<SOLNBR>W9114F07R0035
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0904
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Command
<LOCATION>European Regional Contracting Office
<SOLNBR>W9114F07R0035
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0924
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Watervliet Arsenal
<SOLNBR>W911PT07R0016
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Carson
<SOLNBR>W911RZ07R0021
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0827
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Lewis
<SOLNBR>W911S8-07-R-0023
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0821
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Lewis
<SOLNBR>W911S8-07-R-0023
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0927
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, United States Military Academy
<SOLNBR>W911SDDOZERWINCH
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0927
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, United States Military Academy
<SOLNBR>W911SDSHANK
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0919
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Norfolk
<SOLNBR>W91236-07-R-0000
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0927
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>US Army Engineer District, Philadelphia
<SOLNBR>W912BU-07-T-0094
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0906
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACA, Pacific
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Shafter
<SOLNBR>W912CN-07-T-0603
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0928
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Baltimore
<SOLNBR>W912DR-07-F-0232
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0928
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, New York
<SOLNBR>W912DS-07-R-0029
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0823
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, New York
<SOLNBR>W912DS-07-R-0029
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0924
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>National Guard Bureau
<LOCATION>USPFO for Maine
<SOLNBR>W912JD-07-T-2019
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort George G. Meade
<SOLNBR>W91QF607T0168
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort George G. Meade
<SOLNBR>W91QF607T0170
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort George G. Meade
<SOLNBR>W91QF607T0172
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort George G. Meade
<SOLNBR>W91QF607T0173
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort George G. Meade
<SOLNBR>W91QF607T0174
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort George G. Meade
<SOLNBR>W91QF6T0169
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0930
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Command
<LOCATION>MEDCOM, North Atlantic Regional Contracting Office
<SOLNBR>W91YTZ-07-R-0220
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1003
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Command
<LOCATION>MEDCOM, North Atlantic Regional Contracting Office
<SOLNBR>W91YTZ-80-T-0005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Connecticut Health Care System
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Connecticut Health Care System
<SOLNBR>va-689-06-rp-0024
<AWDNBR>VA689(241)-P-0017
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Philatlantic Service Center (3PP)
<AWDNBR>6NJ0058
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Office of Tenant Operations, Minnesota/Wisconsin Service Center (5PT5)
<AWDNBR>GS-05P-07-SE-C-0013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1121
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<AWDNBR>FA8107-05-C-0007-P00013
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<AWDNBR>F34601-03-D-0111-0050
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>0821
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<AWDNBR>FA8204-07-F-0022-P00001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Sustainment Command
<AWDNBR>W52P1J07D00390003
<LINENBR>0001AB
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Sustainment Command
<AWDNBR>W52P1J07D00340004
<LINENBR>0001AB
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Missiles)
<AWDNBR>W31P4Q08C0111
<LINENBR>0003AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<AWDNBR>SPM7M2-08-C-0010
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus
<AWDNBR>SPM7L2-07-C-0016
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command (Warren)
<AWDNBR>W56HZV07D01520002
<LINENBR>0061AB
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<AWDNBR>W52H0905D01950007
<LINENBR>0003AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army TACOM Life Cycle Management Command - Rock Island
<AWDNBR>W52H0905D01350011
<LINENBR>0035AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0038304G018FEP65
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0010408PLB77
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0010408PLB68
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0010408PKA01
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0010408PDB56
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0010408PBC74
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0010408FCA14
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0010406GA0065021
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0010405GRS405020
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-Mechanicsburg
<AWDNBR>N0010404G05005166
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<AWDNBR>SP070005G0003GC32
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<AWDNBR>N0038307D007F7008
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<AWDNBR>N0038305D003A7005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<AWDNBR>N0038304G002A7121
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<AWDNBR>N0038304G002A7116
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<AWDNBR>N0038304G002A7112
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<AWDNBR>N0038304G002A7111
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Supply Systems Command
<LOCATION>NAVICP-PHILADELPHIA
<AWDNBR>N0038303D001H7101
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Contract Management Agency
<OFFICE>Defense Contract Management Agency
<LOCATION>DCMA -AIMO- Bethpage
<AWDNBR>N00521-05-G-0001-KK2P
<LINENBR>0451AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Contract Management Agency
<OFFICE>Defense Contract Management Agency
<LOCATION>DCMA -AIMO- Bethpage
<AWDNBR>N00421-05-G-0001-KK2N
<LINENBR>0451AA
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Contract Management Agency
<OFFICE>Defense Contract Management Agency
<LOCATION>DCMA Long Island
<AWDNBR>N0003007G0023NJ04
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1126
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Aircraft Repair & Supply Center
<AWDNBR>HSCG38-08-D-101003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1120
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<AWDNBR>SPM7M208M1200
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<AWDNBR>SPM7L408C0013
<LINENBR>0001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<ARCHIVE>
<DATE>1119
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Direct Reporting Units
<LOCATION>USAF Academy - 10 MSG/LGC
<AWDNBR>FA7000-08-D-0024
<LINENBR>BASE_YEAR_plus_4_OPTION_YEARS
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</ARCHIVE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of State
<OFFICE>FedBid.com -- for Department of State procurements only.
<LOCATION>FedBid.com
<ZIP>22102
<CLASSCOD>23
<OFFADD>8800 Monrovia Place, DC, WA 20521
<SUBJECT>23--Truck - Box Truck
<SOLNBR>080001
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>06152008
<CONTACT>Name: Abraham Kuehl, Title: Procurement Agent, Phone: 23177078764, Fax: , Email: kuehlaw@state.gov;
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, in conjunction with FAR 13.5, as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; bids are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is 080001 and is issued as an invitation for bids (IFB), unless otherwise indicated herein. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2005-20. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 336212 with a small business size standard of 500 employees. This requirement is unrestricted and only qualified offerors may submit bids. The solicitation pricing on www.FedBid.com will start on the date this solicitation is posted and will end on 2007-12-18 17:00:00.0 Eastern Time or as otherwise displayed at www.FedBid.com. FOB Destination shall be LINDEN, NJ 07036 <BR><BR>The Department of State requires the following items, Meet or Exceed, to the following:  <BR>LI 001, Box Truck. 2007 model. Diesel engine, A/C cabin, Power steering, Roll-up rear door, Manuel transmission, Aluminum body, Rear lift, white color., 1, EA; <BR><BR>For this solicitation, Department of State intends to conduct an online competitive reverse auction to be facilitated by the third-party reverse auction provider, FedBid, Inc. FedBid has developed an online, anonymous, browser based application to conduct the reverse auction. An Offeror may submit a series of pricing bids, which descend in price during the specified period of time for the aforementioned reverse auction. Department of State is taking this action in an effort to improve both vendor access and awareness of requests and the agency's ability to gather multiple, completed, real-time bids. All responsible Offerors that respond to this solicitation MUST submit the pricing portion of their bid using the online exchange located at www.FedBid.com. There is no cost to register, review procurement data or make a bid on www.FedBid.com. Offerors that are not currently registered to use www.FedBid.com should proceed to www.FedBid.com to complete their free registration. Offerors that require special considerations or assistance may contact the FedBid Helpdesk at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or via email at clientservices@fedbid.com. Offerors may not artificially manipulate the price of a transaction on www.FedBid.com by any means. It is unacceptable to place bad faith bids, to use decoys in the www.FedBid.com process or to collude with the intent or effect of hampering the competitive www.FedBid.com process. Should offerors require additional clarification, notify the point of contact or FedBid at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or clientservices@fedbid.com. Use of FedBid:   Buyers and Sellers agree to conduct this transaction through FedBid in compliance with the FedBid Terms of Use.  Buyers and Sellers understand that FedBid ranks all bids by price; however, pursuant to applicable acquisition regulations and/or departmental guidelines, Buyers may use criteria other than price to evaluate offers.  Accordingly, please note that, unless otherwise specified herein below, to the extent required by applicable regulations and/or guidelines, award will be made to the responsible Seller whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Buyer on the basis of price, technical capability, delivery, and past performance.<BR><BR> In addition to providing pricing at www.FedBid.com for this solicitation, each Offeror must provide any required, NON-PRICING responses (e.g. technical proposal, representations and certifications, etc.) directly to kuehlaw@state.gov (NOT THROUGH FEDBID.COM) so that they are received at that email address no later than the closing date and time for this solicitation.<BR><BR>The selected Offeror must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions. FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The selected Offeror must submit a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition.<BR><BR>The following FAR clauses in paragraph (b) of FAR clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, will apply: 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.225-13, 52.232-34. The full text of a FAR clause may be accessed electronically at http://www.acqnet.gov/far.<BR><BR>Delivery shall be made within 45 days or less after receipt of order (ARO). All prices shall include delivery to the consolidated receiving point in New Jersey.<BR><BR>CCR Requirement - Company must be registered on Central Contractor Registration (CCR) before an award could be made to them. If company is not registered in CCR, they may do so by going to CCR web site at http://www.ccr.gov.<BR><BR>A) The offeror shall provide the government, with its offer submission, written verification from the GSA schedule holder that an agreement exists that validates the offeror's right to offer the GSA schedule items on behalf of the GSA schedule holder, if other than the offeror; and,  B) By proactively complying with this offer term, sellers accept that the government will make award to the GSA schedule holder only, as the sole awardee.  Further, the sole awardee and only the sole awardee shall submit its invoice to the government and receive payment from the government.<BR><BR>
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/State/FedBid.com/FedBid1/080001/listing.html
<DESC>www.fedbid.com (b-59702, n-9911)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>07036
<POPADDRESS>LINDEN, NJ 07036
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Bureau of Reclamation
<LOCATION>Bureau of Reclamation
<ZIP>80225
<CLASSCOD>56
<OFFADD>Bureau of Reclamation, Lower Colorado Region Contracting Office, PO Box 61470  Boulder City NV 89006
<SUBJECT>56--6,000 tons of 6-inch minus road sub-base, delivered 5,000 tons of A-B road surface, delivered
<SOLNBR>08SQ301060
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12032008
<CONTACT>Carmen Bernhardt (LC-3118) Purchasing Agent 7022938309     cbernhardt@lc.usbr.gov;
<DESC>This is a combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial supplies prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.603 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  However, Request for Quotation (RFQ) 08SQ301060 will be issued simultaneously with this announcement to facilitate receipt of electronic quotes.  The RFQ will be issued via www.fedbizopps.gov.  This RFQ is issued under the Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP) and is 100% set aside for small business.  The NAICS code is 212321, and the size standard is 500 employees. The Bureau of Reclamation, Lower Colorado Region (LCR), has a requirement to supply and deliver 6,000 tons of 6-inch minus road sub-base, and supply and deliver 5,000 tons of A-B road surface to Cibola National Wildlife Refuge, Cibola, AZ  85328.   The RFQ contains the following: a description with quantities, and all applicable clauses and provisions.  Quotes are due December 14, 2007 by 4:00 p.m. local time and may be submitted electronically, by fax, or by mail to:  Bureau of Reclamation, Lower Colorado Region, Contracting Office (LC-3110), P.O. Box 61470, Boulder City, NV 89006; or for expedited delivery 500 Fir Street, Boulder City, NV 89005.  Questions and/or electronic or faxed quotes may be submitted to Carmen Bernhardt at (702) 293-8309, fax (702) 293-8050, or email to cbernhardt@lc.usbr.gov; or Diane Rodriguez (702) 293-8368, fax (702) 293-8050, or email to dlrodriguez@lc.usbr.gov.   Vendors are reminded that they must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration to be considered for award.  Vendors can register at www.ccr.gov.  You will need your Dun & Bradstreet number and banking information.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOI/BR/BR/08SQ301060/listing.html
<DESC>Please click here to view more details.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>EC_helpdesk@NBC.GOV
<DESC>Point of Contact above, or if none listed, contact the IDEAS EC HELP DESK for assistance
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>89006
<POPADDRESS>Cibola National Wildlife Refuge Cibola, AZ
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Secret Service (USSS)
<LOCATION>Procurement Division
<ZIP>20223
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>561710
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Secret Service (USSS), Procurement Division, 950 H Street, NW, Suite 6700, Washington, DC, 20223, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>Z -- Pest Control Services
<SOLNBR>132504
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12252007
<CONTACT>Charles James, Contract Specialist, Phone 202.406.6940, Fax 202.406.6801, Email charles.james@usss.dhs.gov - Patricia Kiely, Contracting Officer - Branch Chief, Phone 202-406-6940, Fax 202-406-6801, Email patricia.kiely@usss.dhs.gov
<DESC>Synopsis/Solicitation to provide pest control maintenance and inspections of the interior and exterior at the James J. Rowley Training Center, located at 9200 Powder Mill Road, Laurel, Maryland 20708.

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with The Federal Acquisition Regulation Part 12, subpart 6-Streamlined Procedure for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items.  Proposals are being requested as official Request for Proposals (RFP) under the Federal Acquisition Circular Fac 2005-21 (Effective 07 Nov 2007).  The NAICS code is 561710.

The United States Secret Service (USSS) has a requirement to award a Firm-Fixed Price contract with a base year and four (4) Option Years to the best Offeror providing services for pest control at the James J. Rowley Training Center, located at 9200 Powder Mill Road, Laurel, Maryland 20708.  The base year, CLIN0001 shall begin per contract award date for a period of twelve (12) months. There will also be four option year periods (CLIN0002 for option year one, CLIN0003 for option year two, CLIN0004 for option year three and CLIN0005 for option year four).  Please submit one cost proposal for the base and four option periods corresponding to above contract line items.

The Offeror is required to propose their best solution and submit a detailed cost proposal as stated above. Please submit copies of all technical and cost volumes associated with this proposal package separately. The technical volumes shall address offerors approach to meeting requirements.  Your response and submittal should be received as soon as possible, but no later than 12:00pm Monday, December 10, 2007.  The Offeror shall also provide (1) the name, title, phone number, fax number, mailing address and email address of the points of contact ;(2) the nine digit DUNs (verification of vendor in CCR) .

All deliveries are the contractor's responsibility. The contractor shall coordinate the deliveries with the COTR prior to the delivery, specifying the date and time. The contractor shall be responsible for off and on loading equipment and materials.



Statement of Work 
Pest Control Service

The purpose of this Statement of Work (SOW) is to provide the specifications for the preventative maintenance and inspections of the interior and exterior pest control as specified at the Rowley Training Center, 9200 Powder Mill Road, Laurel, MD  20708.

Background: The James J. Rowley Training Center (JJRTC) is a multi-building training facility operated by the United States Secret Service in Laurel, Maryland. Due to the critical nature of the operations at the facility, the Secret Service desires to control seasonal pest campus wide. The Secret Service wishes to engage the services of a contractor to evaluate, maintain, and inspect pest on the campus.

Statement of Work:  The contractor shall be responsible for the monthly inspection, survey, preventative maintenance, and written reports of the interior of the buildings and exterior campus, with 24 hr service call response. The service shall have scheduled preventative maintenance that include control of but not limited to birds, snakes, mice, ants, ticks, fleas, gnats, flies, chiggers, beetles, bees, termites, lady bugs, wasp, hornets and spiders. The contractor shall be licensed and comply with all federal and state environmental codes. 

Deliverables

Annual site survey, monthly inspection and preventative maintenance reports

Upon contract award the contractor shall submit to the COTR a delivery schedule of materials for approval, annual site survey, monthly inspection and preventative maintenance and a schedule of anticipated progress.

There is a special provision that the contractor personnel proposed to work under this contract shall be US citizens.  They shall also be subject to and successfully pass a police background investigations prior to being admitted into the James J. Rowley Training Center.  Upon contract award, the contractor shall be provided USSS contractor personnel forms.  Within five (5) days of contract award, the contractor shall submit these completed contractor personnel access forms to the Contracting Officer's Technical Representative (COTR). 


The following DHS Provisions are applicable:
*3052.209-70 Prohibition on Contracts with Corporate Expatriates
*3052.204-90 Unauthorized Use of Name
The following FAR provisions and clauses apply to this acquisition:
*FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items
*FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Items. Award will be based on 1) price; 2) technical capability per the SOW and 3) Past Performance. Technical Capability and Past Performance combined are equal to Price.  The offeror shall provide, as part of their initial proposal, a list of all Government and or commercial contracts received, or performed, during the past five (5) years for identical or similar services that are described in this solicitation.
*FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representatives and Certifications-Commercial Items
*FAR 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services. (NOV 1999)
*FAR 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract. (MAR 2000)
*FAR 52.222-41 Service Contract Act of 1965


All responsible Offerors shall submit quotes electronically to Charles W. James III at CHARLES.JAMES@USSS.DHS.GOV  or via fax at (202) 406-6801, to be received no later than 12:00pm Monday, December 10, 2007.  All questions regarding the synopsis shall also be submitted in writing and sent electronically to the above email address.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USSS/PDDC20229/132504/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20223
<POPADDRESS>Washington, DC
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Farm Service Agency
<LOCATION>USDA, FSA, KCAO, ASD
<ZIP>64141-6205
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>561990
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, USDA, FSA, KCAO, ASD, P. O. Box 419205, Kansas City, MO, 64141-6205, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Interpreter service for hearing impaired
<SOLNBR>144435
<RESPDATE>121507
<ARCHDATE>12302007
<CONTACT>Sharon Dowse, Contract Specialist, Phone 816-926-6108, Fax 816-627-0719, Email sharon.dowse@kcc.usda.gov
<DESC>The U.S. Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, Kansas City, Missouri, seeks the services of an interpreter for the hearing impaired employees for an estimated 1000 hours, on a defined schedule and on an as needed basis for the 2008, calendar year, January 2, 2008 through December 31, 2008. The overall objective is to meet the organization?s needs for staff meetings, supervisor/employee conferences, formal classroom training sessions, on-the-job training, all employee meetings and office wide events (such as special emphasis, diversity, and CFC events).Government furnished space, property and facilities: The Government will make the following available for the contractors use: A dedicated phone line, desk top computer and an office cubicle space, which includes a desk, two chairs, a file cabinet, will be furnished for the days interpreting services are required. The services required by this statement of work include: Collaborative effort to schedule interpreter services between the contractor, the Human Resource Office, Point of Contact, and non-issuing office personnel. Services will be provided to 5 or more USDA-FSA hearing impaired employees. Contractor to have credit card account set-up for electronic payment services. The interpreter services shall be scheduled at the USDA Beacon Facility, 6501 Beacon Drive, Kansas City, Missouri, 64133, as follows: Tuesdays and Thursdays are contracted 8 hour work days at the Beacon Facility. Flexibility required by the contracted interpreter to work on other days of the week on an as needed basis with 48 hours notice. Interpreter will be available to instruct workshops on beginning and intermediate sign language on a bi-annual basis. Interpreter may sub-contract other interpreters when two are needed for sessions lasting more that one hour. EXPERIENCE: The interpreter should have the following credentials: Interpreter should have experience instruction beginning and intermediate level sign language courses for hearing employees. References should be provided with dates of classes instructed. Demonstrated the ability to relate to and communicate effectively both in sign-language and orally with people from different backgrounds. Must have a level 5 certification. Provide evidence of the Level 5 certification with you price quote. SECURITY ISSUES: Background check must be done on all contractors before work begins. For work performed at the Kansas City Offices, the contractor must contact the COTR to obtain building passes. Employees will receive an identification badge allowing them routine access to USDA facilities. The contractor shall ensure that badges and keys issued to contractor personnel are safeguarded at all times, not loaned to other employees, and retuned to the FSA Security Office upon completion of work under the contract. Identification badges must be worn and visible at all times while on USDA premises. The following clauses are included in this solicitation: 52.204-9 PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL (Nov 2006) 
(a) The Contractor shall comply with agency personal identity verification procedures identified in the contract that implement Homeland Security Presidential Directive-I2 (HSPD-l2), Office of Management and Budget (0MB) guidance M-05-24, as amended, and Federal Information Processing Standards Publication (FIPS PUB) Number 201, as amended. 
(b) The Contractor shall insert this clause in all subcontracts when the subcontractor is required to have routine physical access to a Federally-controlled facility and/or routine access to a Federally-controlled information system. (End of clause) 
52.204-7 1 PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES (Jul 2006) 
(a) The contractor shall comply with the personal identity verification (PIV) policies and procedures established by Department of Agriculture (USDA) Directives 3800 series. (b) Should the results of the PIV process require the exclusion of a contractor?s employee, the contracting officer will notify the contractor in writing. (c) The contractor must appoint a representative to manage this activity and to maintain a list of employees eligible for a USDA PIV ID Badge required for performance of the work. 
(d) The responsibility of maintaining a sufficient workforce remains with the contractor. Employees may be barred by the Government from performance of the work should they be found ineligible or to have lost eligibility for a USDA PIV ID Badge. Failure to maintain a sufficient workforce of employees eligible for a USDA PIV ID Badge may be grounds for termination of the contract. (e) The contractor shall insert this clause in all subcontracts when the subcontractor is required to have access to a federally-controlled facility or information system.(f) The PIV Sponsor for this contract is the contracting officer representative (COR), unless otherwise specified in this contract. If services are covered by a GSA Federal supply schedule, please include information with quote. The PIV Sponsor will be available to receive contractor identity information from 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.  The Government shall notify the contractor if there is a change in the PIV Sponsor, the office address, or the office hours for registration. Anyone wishing to submit quotes for this solicitation should E-Mail to Sharon.dowse@kcc.usda.gov. Quotes must be received by 12:00 noon on December 15, 2007.Questions may be E-Mailed to Sharon.dowse@kcc.usda.gov or by phone at 816-926-6108Point of Contact Sharon Dowse, Contract Specialist, Phone 816-926-6108, Fax 816-627-0719, Place of Performance Address: 6501 Beacon Drive Kansas City, MO Postal Code: 64133Country: UNITED STATES
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FSA/KCAO/144435/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>64133
<POPADDRESS>6501 Beacon Drive
Kansas City, MO
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer (fp), USCG Integrated Support Command Miami
<ZIP>33131-3050
<CLASSCOD>45
<NAICS>562211
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer (fp), USCG Integrated Support Command Miami, 909 SE First Avenue, Room 512, Miami, FL, 33131-3050, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>45 -- Installation of Modular Water and Sewage
<SOLNBR>21082887S1130
<RESPDATE>122007
<ARCHDATE>01042008
<CONTACT>Evelyn Rawls, Purchasing Agent, Phone 305-415-7088, Fax 305-415-7092, Email evelyn.p.rawls@uscg.mil - Emerita Torres, Purchasing Agent, Phone (305) 415 7087, Fax (305) 415-7092, Email Emerita.torres@uscg.mil
<DESC>PART 1 PROJECT DESCRIPTION
1.1. This solicitation requires the contractor to furnish all labor and material necessary to complete the installation of water and sanitary sewer service to a modular unit in Building 108 located at USCG Sector Key West, Key West FL. 
PART 2 DESCRIPTION OF WORK
2.1. Sanitary shall connect to existing eight inch (8?) DI force main in confined raceway. Domestic shall connect to existing three inch (3?) Sch 80 water main also located in crawl space. Lift pump is required at outside of building to discharge sanitary into force main. Lift to be installed below grade. Discharge line to be attached to exterior of building running along base of exterior wall sixty-eight feet (68?). Asphalt shall be cut and removed to install waste and water service into connection points. Shut off and check valves shall e Sch 80 with solvent weld joints. Lift station shall be equipped with simplex controller with high level audio and visual alarm. 
2.2 Once installation is complete, contractor will conduct operational tests to ensure proper operation.
2.3 Contractor shall dispose of all waste materials (insulation, metal, scrap) at his own expense and at a facility off of the CG Base.
PART 3 LOCATION OF WORK
3.1 Work site will located at building 108 at USCG Sector Key West.100 Trumbo Point RD, Key West , Fl. 
PART 4 PROTECTION OF COAST GUARD PROPERTY
4.1 Contractor shall bear all financial responsibility for any and all damages incurred while working on Government owned property.
PART 5 PRE-WORK MEETING/ WORK HOURS
5.1 Before start of work, the Government shall hold a pre-work meeting to discuss the project procedures and work schedule.
5.2 The Coast Guard will hold the meeting at the site or in the Group Engineering Officer's office located at USCG Sector Key West.100 Trumbo Point RD, Key West , Fl. The Coast Guard and the contractor will jointly agree upon the time of the meeting. The meeting can be held on the same day that work commences. 
5.3 Contractor?s working hours shall be scheduled at least two days prior to commencement. 
5.4 Contractor should schedule the bulk of work during the hours of 8:00 AM (0800) and 4:00 PM (1600).  Work that requires accomplishment outside those hours should be scheduled ahead of time through the Coast Guard. 
5.5 Scheduling of work and any questions with the Statement of Work can be made through MKC Glydewell @ 305-292-8830
PART 6  QUALITY ASSURANCE
6.1  The contractor's job shall not be considered complete until all removals and installation of equipment are completed and a satisfactory test is ran. 
6.2 Any work that does not meet the approval of the Coast Guard Contracting representative shall be corrected immediately.
PART 7 LIABILITY
7.1 In no case will the Coast Guard assume liability for bodily injury to the contractor or his/her employees.
PART 8  COMPLETION DATE
8.1 . Time frame: This job is to be complete as soon as possible, with a commence date on or around 21 Dec 2007. This is the only source of heat for the Groups Buoy Shed/ Metal Shop. Current temperatures are averaging around 0 degrees at location. 
SITE VISIT IS SCHEDULED for 10:00AM ON 17 DEC 2007.  The following FAR Clauses apply:  FAR 52.213-4 Terms and Conditions, FAR 52.219-1 Small Business Program Representations, FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor, FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor, FAR 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities, FAR 52.225-1 Buy American Act-Supplies, FAR 52.225-3 Buy American Act-Free Trade, FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Central Contractor Registration (CCR), FAR 52.225-9 Buy American Act Construction Materials, FAR 52.225-10 Notice to Buy American Act Requirement Construction Material, FAR 52.225-11 Buy American Act Construction Materials under Trade Agreement, FAR 52.225-12 Notice to Buy American Act Requirements, FAR 52.232-27 Prompt Payment for Construction Contracts, FAR 52.204-8 Annual Representations and Certifications, FAR 52.222-6 Davis-Bacon Act, FAR 52.222-11 Subcontracts Labor Standards, FAR 52.222-13 Compliance with Davis-Bacon Act and related Act Regulations and 52.222-17 Labor Standards for Construction Work.  You may obtain full text versions of these clauses electronically at http://www.met.gov/far
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/COUSCGISCMi/21082887S1130/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>33040-6645
<POPADDRESS>100 Trumbo Point Road
Key West, FL
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commandant (CG-912), U.S. Coast Guard Headquarters
<ZIP>20593-0001
<CLASSCOD>19
<OFFADD>1240 East Ninth St, Cleveland , OH 44199
<SUBJECT>19--CATAMARAN ICE RESCUE CRAFT
<SOLNBR>2108308C29070
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>06182008
<CONTACT>Name: David Alvarez, Title: SKC/ Contracting Officer , Phone: 2169026372, Fax: 2169026380, Email: david.d.alvarez@uscg.mil;
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, in conjunction with FAR 13.5, as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; bids are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is 2108308C29070 and is issued as an invitation for bids (IFB), unless otherwise indicated herein. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2005-20. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 326199 with a small business size standard of 500 employees. This requirement is unrestricted and only qualified offerors may submit bids. The solicitation pricing on www.FedBid.com will start on the date this solicitation is posted and will end on 2007-12-10 14:00:00.0 Eastern Time or as otherwise displayed at www.FedBid.com. FOB Destination shall be Multiple shipping information. <BR><BR>The DHS-Coast Guard requires the following items, Exact Match Only, to the following:  <BR>LI 001, Inflatable catamaran style ice rescue craft with trailer., 6, EA; <BR><BR>For this solicitation, DHS-Coast Guard intends to conduct an online competitive reverse auction to be facilitated by the third-party reverse auction provider, FedBid, Inc. FedBid has developed an online, anonymous, browser based application to conduct the reverse auction. An Offeror may submit a series of pricing bids, which descend in price during the specified period of time for the aforementioned reverse auction. DHS-Coast Guard is taking this action in an effort to improve both vendor access and awareness of requests and the agency's ability to gather multiple, completed, real-time bids. All responsible Offerors that respond to this solicitation MUST submit the pricing portion of their bid using the online exchange located at www.FedBid.com. There is no cost to register, review procurement data or make a bid on www.FedBid.com. Offerors that are not currently registered to use www.FedBid.com should proceed to www.FedBid.com to complete their free registration. Offerors that require special considerations or assistance may contact the FedBid Helpdesk at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or via email at clientservices@fedbid.com. Offerors may not artificially manipulate the price of a transaction on www.FedBid.com by any means. It is unacceptable to place bad faith bids, to use decoys in the www.FedBid.com process or to collude with the intent or effect of hampering the competitive www.FedBid.com process. Should offerors require additional clarification, notify the point of contact or FedBid at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or clientservices@fedbid.com. Use of FedBid:   Buyers and Sellers agree to conduct this transaction through FedBid in compliance with the FedBid Terms of Use.  Buyers and Sellers understand that FedBid ranks all bids by price; however, pursuant to applicable acquisition regulations and/or departmental guidelines, Buyers may use criteria other than price to evaluate offers.  Accordingly, please note that, unless otherwise specified herein below, to the extent required by applicable regulations and/or guidelines, award will be made to the responsible Seller whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Buyer on the basis of price, technical capability, delivery, and past performance.<BR><BR> In addition to providing pricing at www.FedBid.com for this solicitation, each Offeror must provide any required, NON-PRICING responses (e.g. technical proposal, representations and certifications, etc.) directly to david.d.alvarez@uscg.mil (NOT THROUGH FEDBID.COM) so that they are received at that email address no later than the closing date and time for this solicitation.<BR><BR>The selected Offeror must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions. FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The selected Offeror must submit a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition.<BR><BR>The following FAR clauses in paragraph (b) of FAR clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, will apply: 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.225-13, 52.232-34. The full text of a FAR clause may be accessed electronically at http://www.acqnet.gov/far.<BR><BR>Delivery shall be made within 30 days or less after receipt of order (ARO).<BR><BR>CCR Requirement - Company must be registered on Central Contractor Registration (CCR) before an award could be made to them. If company is not registered in CCR, they may do so by going to CCR web site at http://www.ccr.gov.<BR><BR>
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/GACS/2108308C29070/listing.html
<DESC>www.fedbid.com (b-59707, n-9913)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>Multiple
<POPZIP>Multiple
<POPADDRESS>Multiple shipping information.
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Commerce
<OFFICE>U. S. Census Bureau
<LOCATION>Acquisition Division
<ZIP>47130
<CLASSCOD>75
<NAICS>322121
<OFFADD>Department of Commerce, U. S. Census Bureau, Acquisition Division, 1201 East 10th Street, Jeffersonville, IN, 47130, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>75 -- Paper White 24#, 11 X 17, 94 bright, Digital Laser Copy
<SOLNBR>51-SO-BC-8-00005
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>12262007
<CONTACT>Thomas Sherman, Contract Specialist, Phone (812) 218-3351, Fax (812) 218-3937, Email thomas.m.sherman@census.gov - Clark Terrell, Contract Specialist, Phone (812) 218-3351, Fax (812) 218-3937, Email clark.k.terrell@census.gov
<DESC>The Bureau of the Census is issuing this notice as a combined synopsis / solicitation for the purchase of paper, 24#, pre-cut, 11 inch X 17 inch, minimum brightness 94, digital laser copy.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation: proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  Solicitation 51-SO-BC-8-00005 is issued as a Request For Quote.  This solicitation and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through FAC 2005-21, dated 07-Nov-2007.  CLIN001 paper, white, 24 # / 60 # basis weight, pre-cut, 11 inch X 17 inch, minimum brightness 94, digital laser copy paper.  500 sheets per ream, wrapped, 5 reams per box.  Quantity 704 boxes.   Include a specification sheet with bid.    CLIN002   Quantity variation of no more than plus or minus 10% of CLIN001.   Paper must be compatible with the following equipment:  Xerox - DocuTech 6115, DocuTech 155HLC, DocuTech 6100, DocuPrint 115, and Dupo booklet maker.  Delivery is FOB destination to the Bureau of the Census, 1201 East 10th Street, Jeffersonville, IN 47132, Attn:  Receiving Section Bldg. 60 F.  Acceptance at same location.  Delivery schedule: one (1) trailer load or 704 boxes Friday 28-Dec-2007.  The apparent low bidder may be required to deliver to the delivery location 1 (one) box of 2500 sheets of paper as a sample for testing, within 2 days after notice from the Government, at no cost to the Government.  Awardees will have to be registered at CCR.gov and complete a U.S. Census Bureau's vender registration form.   The following provisions and clauses apply to this RFQ.  52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items, 52.212-2, Evalutions-Commerical Items, 52-212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commerical Items, 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commerical Items, 52-214-20, Bid Samples (Apr. 2002), and 52-225-1, Buy American Act Supplies (June 2003).  Be sure to include all shipping and handling charges to the delivery location.  Bids are due by 5:00 PM on 11-Dec-2007.   Submit bids - to: Bureau of the Census, 1201 East 10th Street, Jeffersonville, In 47132, Attn:  Tom Sherman - Bldg. 66, Rm. 149, or Fax - 812-218-3937 or email thomas.m.sherman@census.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOC/CB/JeffersonvilleIN/51-SO-BC-8-00005/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>47132
<POPADDRESS>1201 East 10th Street
Jeffersonville, IN
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Energy
<OFFICE>Federal Locations
<LOCATION>All DOE Federal Contracting Offices
<ZIP>20585
<CLASSCOD>55
<OFFADD>One West Third, Tulsa, OK
<SUBJECT>55--POLES, WOOD, PER SPECIFICATIONS
<SOLNBR>DE-RQ75-08SW59298
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>06142008
<CONTACT>Linda L Dunham, Contracting Officer, 870-268-2500, linda.dunham@swpa.gov;Linda L Dunham, Contract Specialist, 870-268-2500, linda.dunham@swpa.gov
<DESC>This is a combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Southwestern Power Admin. to purchase wood poles per attached specifications on pages, 6 , 7, 8, 9. to be delivered NLT 1/24/2008 to SWPA in Kennett, MO - 12 wood poles as follows: 6 - 80 ft Class 3, 6 - 85 ft Class 3.  The Contractor shall be responsible for off loading poles using loader trucks as stated on page 8 of attachment. Offerors are required to complet SF 1449 blocks 17a, 23,24,26,30a,30b. Representations/certificatin are in Section E of attachment Synopsis Date:  12/4/2007, Closing Date:  12/14/2007, 5PM Central.   100% Total Small Business Set-Aside, Contracting Office:  SWPA, 305 N. Floyd Street, Jonesboro, AR 72401 POC:  linda dunham, 870-972-4686, f-870-932-6153, email-linda.dunham@swpa.gov Delivery FOB destination-  SWPA Kennett, MO NLT 1/24/2007 - 48 HOUR NOTICE REQUIRED PRIOR TO DELIVERY AS THIS IS AN UNMANNED SITE- Monday-Thursday 9:00am.-4:00pm
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOE/PAM/HQ/DE-RQ75-08SW59298/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for further details regarding this notice.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>linda.dunham@swpa.gov
<DESC>Linda L Dunham, Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Energy
<OFFICE>Federal Locations
<LOCATION>All DOE Federal Contracting Offices
<ZIP>20585
<CLASSCOD>99
<OFFADD>One West Third, Tulsa, OK
<SUBJECT>99--CONDUCTOR
<SOLNBR>DE-RQ75-08SW59299
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>06142008
<CONTACT>Linda L Dunham, Contracting Officer, 870-268-2500, linda.dunham@swpa.gov;Linda L Dunham, Contract Specialist, 870-268-2500, linda.dunham@swpa.gov
<DESC>This is a combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Southwestern Power Administration to purchase:  2500 ft Conductor, 1590kcm AAC, 61 Strand on a nonreturnable steel reel, Code word "COREOPSIS". Offerors are required to complete blocks 17a, 23, 24, 26, 30a, 30b, 30c on the SF1449 and return via mail, email, fax:  linda.dunham@swpa.gov, fax-870972-4686 Representations and Certifications are in Section E of the attached clauses. Synopsis Date:  12/4/2007, Closing Date: 12/14/2007, 5PM.  100% Small Business Set-aside Contracting Office- SWPA, 305 N. Floyd Street, Jonesboro, AR 72401 Delivery: FOB destination to SWPA, ATTN: Steve Ray, 2858 S. Golden, Springfield, MO 65807 Delivery NLT 1/24/2008 - Monday-Thursday from 7:00 am- 5:00 pm.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOE/PAM/HQ/DE-RQ75-08SW59299/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for further details regarding this notice.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>linda.dunham@swpa.gov
<DESC>Linda L Dunham, Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>United States Marshals Service
<LOCATION>Headquarters Contracts
<ZIP>20530-1000
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>561320
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, United States Marshals Service, Headquarters Contracts, Headquarters Contracts Procurement Office, BSD, Washington, DC, 20530-1000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Personal Assistant Services
<SOLNBR>DJMS-08-Q-0006
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>01202008
<CONTACT>Carolyn Hendrick, Contracting Officer, Phone 202/353-8350, Fax 202/307-9695, Email carolyn.hendrick@usdoj.gov - Carolyn Hendrick, Contracting Officer, Phone 202/353-8350, Fax 202/307-9695, Email carolyn.hendrick@usdoj.gov
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items, prepared in accordance with the format in FAR subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation, quotations are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation, DJMS-08-Q-0006, is set aside for 100% small business concern and issued as a Request For Quotations (RFQ) fixed labor hour, indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contract for personal assistant services. The USMS is requiring two personal assistants for two physically challenged USMS employees for the period commencing from the date of award and continuing for 12 consecutive months. This requirement is for the Base Year and Four one year options. The pricing schedule contains firm fixed price line items. Only items identified in the Schedule are payable under this contract. Price for the services specified herein shall be considered payment in full for all management, supervision, direct labor, overhead, general, and administrative costs, profit, facilities, supplies, materials and equipment, except as otherwise specified herein.

Base Year:  CLIN 0001  Personal Assistant Qty:  2; Est. Hours  2008; Hrly Rate $_____Total Cost (Base Year) $______
Option 1: CLIN 1001  Personal Assistant; QTY: 2  Est. Hour:2008; Hrly Rate $______ Total Cost (Option 1)$______
Option 2: CLIN 2001 Personal Assistant; Oty: 2 Est. Hours: 2008; Hrly Rate $______ Total Cost (Option 2)$______
Option 3 
CLIN 3001 Personal Assistant; Oty: 2 Est. Hours: 2008; Hrly Rate $______ Total Cost (Option 3)$______
Option 4:  CLIN 4001 Personal Assistant; Oty: 2 Est. Hours: 2008; Hrly Rate $______ Total Cost (Option 4)$______ 

The duties to be performed shall be in accordance with the statement of work. Statement of Work:  Contractor shall provide two individuals that will provide personal assistance, including personal care, and office assistance services for two physically challenged United States Marshals (USMS) employees. The place of performance is: USMS; Investigative Services Division (ISD), 1750 Crystal Drive, Arlington, VA  22202. The personal assistants shall work an 8 hour shift, Monday through Friday;   commencing at 9:00 to 5:30; to attend the needs of assigned physically challenged employee. One personal assistant shall be assigned to each disabled employee. Personal Care:  The contractor shall provide qualified personnel to provide assistance to physically challenged employees of the USMS. The Contractor employee must have a high degree of sensitivity and patience in performing his/her duties when working with and handling the disabled individual. As a minimum, the following skills are essential:  Use correct hand washing techniques; Follow proper infection control techniques; Use correct body mechanics;  Maintain a clean and safe environment; Have good oral hygiene; Possess a strong/healthy body in order to assist in performing personal tasks; Follow emergency procedures for fire and other disasters; Assist employee with adaptive appliances; assist employee in dressing and undressing;  Transfer employee using assistance;  Transport employee with proper equipment  Assist with nutritional needs ? food/drinks; Assist with elimination needs;  Assist with blowing nose due to allergies, etc.; Knowledge of the basic operational mechanics and functions of a manual wheelchair. If an employee has a battery-operated wheelchair, the personal assistant must become acquainted with the functioning of the chair in order to make adjustments; Assist in emergencies and call for professional medical assistance if employees are unable to provide instruction on necessary care, and develop an awareness of the various disabilities and detect special needs of the employees and when necessary relate those needs to medical and emergency personnel. Office Assistance:    The contractor must be able to read, write, speak, and understand the English language fluently. The personal assistant shall be experienced with word processing software packages, skilled in general office automation, MS Word and Excel and have a minimum typing speed of 40 wpm. The individual must be able to communicate effectively and ensure actions remain confidential. The assistant is to assist in gathering information from a variety of sources and presenting the information in usable form to employees; Extract information from files, as requested by employees; Retrieve paper from fax machines and printers, and present the information in usable form to employees; Prepare and set up reading materials and office equipment as requested by employees; Provide clerical support such as photocopy, fax, filing, typing, note taking and answering phone calls. Individual(s) will not be exposed to any top secret material. In additional, the assistant must be able to assist disabled employees with the carrying of briefcases, and other work related material to and from automobiles or public transportation;  Accompany employee on work trips, outdoor breaks, putting work splints on hands. This may include work-related travel to conferences, meetings, or any other official training or functions. In the instance that travel is required all reasonable, allowable and allocable travel expenses incurred by a personal assistant will be the responsibility of the Government. Travel costs are not included in the fixed price of the services otherwise provided by the personal assistant. Periodic Employee Evaluation:  The personal assistant will be reviewed periodically on how well he/she performs in terms of reliability, timeliness, and pleasantness. An overall performance review will be conducted on an annual basis. If at any time, the personal assistant is excessively tardy, unpleasant and disrespectful the USMS will request a new assistant. Background Investigation Requirements:     All personnel employed by the Contractor under this contract are subject to meeting personnel security requirements as set forth by the USMS and other applicable Federal rules and regulations. All contractor personnel will be subject to identify proofing and other provisions of HSPD-12. Contractors must undergo the minimum of an Office of personnel Management (OPM) National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI) and a credit check or other type of investigation as determined by the USMS. The contractor shall conduct a preliminary background screening, to include a basic credit check, of their prospective employees at no expense to the Government. Previously completed Federal background investigations, not over 5 years old, may suffice for this Statement of Work. If a Federal background investigation is needed, the Contractor is responsible for providing to the COTR the following for each candidate for employment under this contract:  full name, social security number, date of birth, city and state of birth (if foreign form, city, and country), and a valid applicant e-mail address (for all applicants without an e-mail address, the contractor e-mail address shall be provided). The COTR will immediately provide this information to the USMS Personnel Security Branch (PSB) by e-mail or memorandum. Once received by PSB, an on-line account will be created for the prospective contract employee and instructions transmitted via e-mail to the applicant (and copied to the contractor) regarding completion of the security forms. These instructions will include the following required forms:  SF-85P Form (Questionnaire for Public Trust Position) electronic version using the OPM e-QIP system;  SF-85PS Form (Supplemental Questionnaire for Selected Positions) (Optional) electronic version using the OPM e-QIP system;  DOJ-555 Form (Disclosure and Authorization Pertaining to Consumer Reports);  Submitting two (2) FD-258s (Applicant Fingerprint Cards);  The applicant must fully comply with the e-mail instructions in order to complete the application.  The contractor is responsible for assuring that all such persons have submitted the required forms in connection with a Government performed suitability investigation PRIOR to working on this contract. Promptly upon notice of award, the Contractor shall submit a preliminary list of applicants through the COTR to the PSB. Prior to performance of contract duties, the applicant must have received, as a minimum, a conditional approval from the USMS PSB. These positions are to be considered high risk public trust positions. Work under this contract is SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED (SBU). Individuals selected, and subsequently approved by the USMS, shall have limited unescorted access to USMS facilities and or other Federal properties while in the performance of their duties. Per Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12 issued August 12, 2004, unescorted contractors who require access for 6 months or longer to Federally controlled space or access to information systems, candidates must present two forms of identification in original form prior to approval on this contract and at least one document must be a valid State or Federal Government issued picture ID. The candidate(s) must appear in person at least once before a USMS official who will be responsible for checking the identification documents and receiving an I-9 Form and a U.S. Marshal Service 394 completed by the applicant as well as the USMS Official. Upon receipt and approval by the USMS official, these documents will be forwarded to the PSB. This identity proofing must be completed during the hiring process but prior to a conditional or final suitability approval. The USMS shall adjudicate each investigation and determine employment suitability. The results will be forwarded to the COTR. The USMS PSB has the final authority to approve or disapprove each person serving under this contract. Clauses and provisions:  The following clause and provisions are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 20 and will be incorporated into the solicitation by reference, and will be available in full text upon request. Wage Determination is 2005-2104 (Rev. 5) dtd. 07/05/2007 is applicable to this requirement and can be retrieved at www.wdol.gov. This acquisition incorporates the following FAR clauses: 52.212-1 INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS-COMMERCIAL ITEMS (Nov 2007); 52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATION AND CERTIFICATION-COMMERCIAL ITEMS (Nov 2007) must be completed and submitted along with the quote. In accordance with FAR 52.212-5 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS-COMMERCIAL ITEMS (Nov 2007), the following clauses incorporated by reference:  52.216-31	TIME AND MATERIALS/LABOR HOUR; 52.217-5 EVALUATION OF OPTIONS (July 1990); 52.517-9 OPTION TO EXTEND TERM OF THE CONTRACT (Mar 2000); 52.222-3 CONVICT LABOR (Jun 2003); 52.222-19 CHILD LABOR-COOPERATION WITH AUTHORITIES AND REMEDIES (Aug 2007);  52-222-26  EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (E.O. 11246) (Mar 2007);  52.222-35 AFFIRMATIVE ACTION FOR SPECIAL DISABLED AND VIETNAM ERA VETERAN (38 U.S.C. 4212) (Sep. 2006); 52.222-37 EMPLOYMENT REPORTS ON SPECIAL DISABLED AND VETERANS OF THE VIETNAM ERA (38 U.S.C. 4212) (Sept. 2006); 52.222.36 AFFIRMATIVE ACTION FOR HANDICAPPED WORKERS (29 U.S.C. 793) (Jun 1998); 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL ITEMS (Feb 2007); 52.207-7 CENTRAL CONTRACTOR REGISTRATION (Jul 2006); FAR 52.232.36 PAYMENT BY THIRD PARTY (May 1999); 52.232-33 PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER-CENTRAL CONTRACTOR REGISTRATION (Oct. 2003);     52.212-4 EVALUATION-COMMERCIAL ITEMS (FEB 2007).   SERVICE CONTRACT ACT OF 1965 (Nov 2007); 52.222-43 FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT AND SERVICE CONTRACT ACT?PRICE ADJUSTMENT (MULTIPLE YEAR AND OPTION CONTRACTS (Nov 2006). Evaluation:  The USMS will evaluate quotations on the basis of the overall best value concerning 1) Past performance 2) Personnel qualifications and 3) Price. Past performance and personnel qualification are of equal importance and combined are more important than cost or price. Past Performance:  The Contractor shall submit references for similar projects for the last 3 years, including name, address, telephone numbers, and E-mail addresses. The Government will perform an independent determination of relevancy of the data provided or obtained. The Government will assess the quoter?s quality of service, cost control, timeliness of performance and business relations of each reference. Personnel Qualifications:  The quote shall include a resume of personal assistants that may be assigned to this contract. The resume will be evaluated on a pass/fail bases. The resume must demonstrate the individual?s experience in assisting the physical challenge; and office skills. Price:  The price shall be for firm fixed labor rates for personal assistant services, CLIN 0001?CLIN 0004, for base year and 4 option years. The quote will be evaluated based on price comparison for similar tasks. Award:  The award will be made to the vendor whose quotation contains the combination of those evaluated factors (Past Performance, Personnel Qualifications, and Price) that offers the best value to the Government. All responsible sources may submit a quote, which shall be considered. Submission:  1) Resume; 2) Past Performance information 3) Representation and Certification-Commercial Items; and 4) Price Quote, including the Contract tax identification number and Dun & Bradstreet Number. The RFQ is due no later than 2:00 PM EST on December 13, 2007 at the following address:  Express delivery carriers:  U.S. Marshals Service 3370 V Street, NE, Washington, DC 20018;  U.S. Postal Service:  U.S. Marshals Service Headquarters; Business Services Division, Headquarters Contracting Team, CS-3 Suite 900; Washington, DC  20530-1000. No Solicitation document is available. Electronic submission will be accepted. Proposals may be e-mailed to Carolyn Hendrick at Carolyn.Hendrick@usdoj.gov. All e-mails must reference the RFQ number in the subject line.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/USMS/HQ002/DJMS-08-Q-0006/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>22202
<POPADDRESS>United States Marshals Service
Arlington, VA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>61 CONS
<ZIP>90245-2808
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>517110
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Space Command, 61 CONS, 483 N. Aviation Blvd, El Segundo, CA, 90245-2808, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Basic Cable Television Service- Forat MacArthur Inn
<SOLNBR>F2T0KC7319AG01
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Donald  Naiman, Contract Specialist, Phone 310-653-5390, Fax 310-653-5376, Email donald.naiman@losangeles.af.mil - Audrey Campbell, Contracting Officer, Phone 310-653-5382, Fax 310-653-5376, Email audrey.campbell@losangeles.af.mil
<DESC>Notice of Intent to Award a sole source procurement under FAR 6.302(i) to Cox Communications in the amount of 26,112.00 dollars to renew bulk cable television services to 68 units at Fort MacArthur Inn Lodging Facility. Contractor shall furnish all labor, material, equipment, and transportation necessary to provide continued cable television service to 68 units for a period of one year, beginning 1 Jan 2008 and ending 31 Dec 2008. This requirement is a total small business set aside. The North American Industry Classification Systen (NAICS) for this procurement is 517110 with a size standard of 1,500 employees. Cox Communication is the only known small business capable of fulfulling this requirement. This notice is for information only. No contract will be awarded on the basis of offers recieved to this notice. 

All inquires should be directed in writing to 61 CONS/LGCA, ATTN: Donald Naiman, 483 N Aviation Blvd, El Segundo, CA 90245-4659, or sent to fascimile number 310-653-5376, or sent by email to donald.naiman@losangeles.af.mil and audrey.campbell@losangeles.af.mil .

Interested sources may identify their interest and capability to respond to this requirement. Any response must show clear and convincing evidence that competition would be advantageous to the Government in future procurements.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFSC/61CONS/F2T0KC7319AG01/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>90731
<POPADDRESS>61 MSG/SVFL 
Fort MacArthur Inn
San Pedro, CA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFMC - Air Force Materiel Command Headquarters
<ZIP>45433
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811219
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFMC - Air Force Materiel Command Headquarters, HQ AFMC/PKX 4375 Chidlaw Rd Ste 6, Wright-Patterson AFB, OH, 45433, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>J -- REPAIR SERVICES FOR GENECHIP SCANNER
<SOLNBR>F4FBAR7206A003
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01012008
<CONTACT>Brittany Carter, Contract Specialist , Phone  937-522-4555, Email brittany.carter@wpafb.af.mil
<DESC>For the procurement of One (1) Repair Service for Genechip Scanner for AFRL/HE, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. NAICS Code 811219, and Size Standard $6.5 Million. This is a Sole Source procurement. Synopsis published for informational purposes only. Solicitation documents are not available. This proposed contract action is for procurement of a service for which the government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 13.106-1. The proposed source is Center for Affymetrix, 3380 Central Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive quotations; however, the government will consider all quotations/responses received within Five (5) business days of the issuance of this notice. A determination by the government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.  

Any responses must be received by 0800 a.m. EST (Eastern Standard Time) on 17 December 2007.

Please send all inquiries to Brittany Carter at brittany.carter@wpafb.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFMC/F4FBAR7206A003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>45433
<POPADDRESS>1940 Allbrook Drive
WPAFB, OH
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>0924
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>21CONS (Bldg 350)
<ZIP>80914-1385
<CLASSCOD>84
<NAICS>453998
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Space Command, 21CONS (Bldg 350), Specialized Flight-IT, O&M, Tech Serv, IT Resources 135 E ENT Ave STE 1055, Peterson AFB, CO, 80914-1385, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>84 -- GWOT Mobility Equipmet
<SOLNBR>FA2517-07-T-5009
<RESPDATE>092607
<CONTACT>Susan Davis, Contract Specialist, Phone 719-556-7585, Fax 719-556-4538, Email susan.davis@peterson.af.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  Contingent upon the availability of funds.

(ii) This solicitation, FA2517-07-T-5009, is being issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). 

(iii) A statement that the solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-20.  

(iv) This procurement is a 100% Small Business set-aside IAW FAR 19.502-2 (a).  The NAICS code is 453998 and the size standard is $6.5 million. 

(vi) The following commercial item is requested in this solicitation:

Please see attached list of mobility equipment.  All items are brand name or equal.  For equal please provide a description/picture.

(vii) Products will be delivered FOB destination to Peterson AFB, CO.  

(viii) The following provisions and clauses apply to this acquisition:  The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Items. All firms must be registered in Wide Area Workflow (WAWF) at https://wawf.eb.mil at time of quote submittal.  DUNS, Cage Code, tax ID, terms and conditions shall be submitted with quote. All firms must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration Database at www.ccr.gov in order to be considered for award.  Please provide quote expiration date and best delivery schedule.

(ix) FAR 52.212-2(a) Evaluation--Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition.  Evaluation will be based on price.  

(x) The provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certification--Commercial Items, is applicable to this acquisition.  All vendors must be registered in Online Representations and certifications (ORCA) (https://orca.bpn.gov)) at the time of Quote submittal.

 (xi) The clause at FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items, applies to the acquisition..

(xii) The clause at FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders--Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition.

		a) FAR 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity

		b) FAR 52.222-35, Affirmative Action for Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era

		c) FAR 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Handicapped Workers

		d) FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era. 

		e) FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor

		f) FAR 52.222-19, Child Labor/Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies

		g) FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds-Central Contractor Registration. 

		h) FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set aside

i) FAR 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facility

		j) FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting

		k) FAR 52.203-3, Gratuities

		l) FAR 52.203-6, restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government

		m) FAR 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns

		n) FAR 52.222-39, Notification of Employee Rights Concerning Payment of Union Dues or Fees

		o) FAR 52.225-13, Restriction on Certain Foreign Purchases

(xiii) DFARS 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders; DFARS 252.225-7012, Preference for Certain Domestic Commodies; DFAR 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests; DFAR 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea; Ombudsman (AFFARS clause 5352.201-9101 as prescribed 5301.9103); and DFAR 252.243-7002, Request for Equitable Adjustment.

(xiv) Quote Submission:  include price information.  DUNS, Cage Code, tax ID, terms and conditions shall be submitted with quote.  

(xv) All quotes must be sent to Susan Davis at: Fax 719-556-4538 or e-mail susan.davis@peterson.af.mil. Quotes are required to be received no later than 3:00pm MST, 26 Sep 07.

ITEMIZED LIST:  (BRAND NAME OR EQUAL) For equal please include description and picture.

50 each - Etool Cover:  Will fit most folding spades. Made of EVA resin. Withstands temperatures up to 200 degrees.  Resists moisture. High tensile strength. Comes with ALICE and MOLLE straps.  This compact field kit includes a sponge, tube brush, cleaning tablets for thorough cleaning, and a durable camouflage carry pouch. Ranger Joes  #A2057
80 each - Camelback Cleaning Kit:  This compact field kit includes a sponge, tube brush, cleaning tablets for thorough cleaning, and a durable camouflage carry pouch.  Ranger Joe's #KKM25448
160 each - Blackhawk STRIKE Hydration Carrier.  Improved, more versatile hydration carrier with reservoir system included. Choose from standard unit, or the shorter wider version for improved comfort in vehicles. These versatile carriers are designed to securely attach to vests, and to quickly detach for easy carry when back at FOB. Innovative design allows for secure connection even if your vest lacks Molle across upper back.  Drink system protected by Microban antimicrobial treatment. Market proven bite valve and patent pending quick disconnect system.  Ranger Joe's #KKM30117

50 each - Universal Shoulder Holster:  High quality and very cleverly designed shoulder holster with loaded features. Universal design to fit most medium and large frame pistols. Modular design allows for both left and right handed use. Padded shoulder harness. Holster with soft lining to protect guns.   Two mag pouches.  All components are fully adjustable with Hook & Loop fastener straps that attach to your web belt for holster/pouch tension. Made of 1200D synthetic material. Ranger Joe #A1379
60 each - D-rings, black.  Anodized black for stealth operations. Major axis strength: 22kN/4945 lb. Minor axis strength: 8kN/1798 lb.  Gate open strength: 6kN/1348 lb. Gate opening: .591". Ranger Joe A1752
50 each - CQB/Emergency Rescue Rigger Belt, tan, medium.  The CQB/Emergency Rescue Rigger Belt is MIL-STD-858 certified. Built with parachute grade buckles and hardware. The webbing is 1.75" Type 13 (7,000 tensile strength) and Type 12 liner for the abrasion buffer. The CQB/Rescue belt is sewn with #5 nylon cord on a Class 7 sewing machine for complete confidence in life threatening situations. Mfr's Lifetime Warranty. Ranger Joe #5718

80 each - CQB/Emergency Rescue Rigger Belt, tan, large: CQB/Emergency Rescue Rigger Belt, tan, medium.  The CQB/Emergency Rescue Rigger Belt is MIL-STD-858 certified. Built with parachute grade buckles and hardware. The webbing is 1.75" Type 13 (7,000 tensile strength) and Type 12 liner for the abrasion buffer. The CQB/Rescue belt is sewn with #5 nylon cord on a Class 7 sewing machine for complete confidence in life threatening situations. Mfr's Lifetime Warranty. Ranger Joe #5718

100 each - MOLLE light tan/with red light.  MOLLE equipped gear that fits through PALS webbing vests and compatible equipment. The top-positioned button enables operation without removing from the webbing.  High efficiency 0.5-Watt LED light provides up to 40 lumens of output. Optically focused to provide an even and smooth coverage of illumination without creating a visually-distorting hotspot. Shockproof light source has over 5,000 service hours. Multi-attachment clip rotate clip to the back for carrying in front of a pocket or other clippable surfaces or rotate clip to the side for attaching to regular belt or duty belt. Top-positioned switch. Bungee cord hook for easy carrying. Compact angle head design fits inside the palm. Up to 3 hours of continuous runtime. Red filter provides low visibility light and is useful for map reading and plotting aviation chart. Blue filter provides low signature light and has forensic application. Filter can be secured in the base of the light when not in use.

40 each - Demascus Nitro Kevlar gloves/Black size medium  KEVLAR on back of gloves is flame/flash retardant as well as cut protective.     Cowhide palms with a smooth finish   Black CarbonTek knuckles provide additional protection.  Wrist length with Hook & Loop closure for secure fit.  Rolled finger tip design for excellent trigger sensitivity and fit.   Ranger Joes part# A2028

20 each - Demascus Nitro Kevlar gloves/Black size large  KEVLAR on back of gloves is flame/flash retardant as well as cut protective.  Cowhide palms with a smooth finish   Black CarbonTek knuckles provide additional protection. Wrist length with Hook & Loop closure for secure fit   Rolled finger tip design for excellent trigger sensitivity and fit.   Ranger Joes part# A2028

20 each - Demascus Nitro Kevlar gloves/Black size X-Large  KEVLAR on back of gloves is flame/flash retardant as well as cut protective. Cowhide palms with a smooth finish   Black CarbonTek knuckles provide additional protection.   Wrist length with Hook & Loop closure for secure fit.   Rolled finger tip design for excellent trigger sensitivity and fit.   Ranger Joes part# A2028

40 each - Tactical Mock Turtleneck, small: Under Armour: Moisture transport and core temperature regulation, delivered in a compression fit. Double-sided brushed fabric keeps you warmer and dryer. COMPRESSION.  Desert. Ideal Use: Temperatures under 55 degrees. ColdGear features a double-sided fabric that wicks moisture from the skin and circulates body heat. It accomplishes the impossible by keeping you warm without weighing you down. ARMOURBLOCK: It's built into Under Armour's performance fibers guaranteed to last through the life of the garment. ARMOURBLOCK technology neutralizes the microbes that cause odor, before there's any odor at all. The result: moisture transport with maximum scent suppression. COMPRESSION: Tight, second-skin fit. Under Armour's compression fit maximizes moisture transport and reduces muscle fatigue, keeping you out in the field for longer periods of time.  Ranger Joe #8938

80 each - Tactical Mock Turtleneck, medium: Under Armour: Moisture transport and core temperature regulation, delivered in a compression fit. Double-sided brushed fabric keeps you warmer and dryer. COMPRESSION.  Desert. Ideal Use: Temperatures under 55 degrees. ColdGear features a double-sided fabric that wicks moisture from the skin and circulates body heat. It accomplishes the impossible by keeping you warm without weighing you down. ARMOURBLOCK: It's built into Under Armour's performance fibers guaranteed to last through the life of the garment. ARMOURBLOCK technology neutralizes the microbes that cause odor, before there's any odor at all. The result: moisture transport with maximum scent suppression. COMPRESSION: Tight, second-skin fit. Under Armour's compression fit maximizes moisture transport and reduces muscle fatigue, keeping you out in the field for longer periods of time.  Ranger Joe #8938

60 each - Tactical Mock Turtleneck, large: Under Armour: Moisture transport and core temperature regulation, delivered in a compression fit. Double-sided brushed fabric keeps you warmer and dryer. COMPRESSION.  Desert. Ideal Use: Temperatures under 55 degrees. ColdGear features a double-sided fabric that wicks moisture from the skin and circulates body heat. It accomplishes the impossible by keeping you warm without weighing you down. ARMOURBLOCK: It's built into Under Armour's performance fibers guaranteed to last through the life of the garment. ARMOURBLOCK technology neutralizes the microbes that cause odor, before there's any odor at all. The result: moisture transport with maximum scent suppression. COMPRESSION: Tight, second-skin fit. Under Armour's compression fit maximizes moisture transport and reduces muscle fatigue, keeping you out in the field for longer periods of time.  Ranger Joe #8938

20 each - Tactical Mock Turtleneck, x-large: Under Armour: Moisture transport and core temperature regulation, delivered in a compression fit. Double-sided brushed fabric keeps you warmer and dryer. COMPRESSION.  Desert. Ideal Use: Temperatures under 55 degrees. ColdGear features a double-sided fabric that wicks moisture from the skin and circulates body heat. It accomplishes the impossible by keeping you warm without weighing you down. ARMOURBLOCK: It's built into Under Armour's performance fibers guaranteed to last through the life of the garment. ARMOURBLOCK technology neutralizes the microbes that cause odor, before there's any odor at all. The result: moisture transport with maximum scent suppression. COMPRESSION: Tight, second-skin fit. Under Armour's compression fit maximizes moisture transport and reduces muscle fatigue, keeping you out in the field for longer periods of time.  Ranger Joe #8938

60 each - Therma Rest Sleep Pad, olive drab: Custom comfort designed to withstand the rigors of military use.  Non-slip Staytek top, Nylong oxford bottom, Light foam core insulates against the cold, Repair kit included, Lightweight, Lifetime manufacturers warranty, and Dimensions: 20" x 70" x 1".

80 each - 100MPH tape/foliage green. The military fix all, duct tape. Rangerjoes# 1684

10 each - Seal skinz waterproof socks Features an in-cuff seal. When properly donned with the sealing element in tight contact against the skin, water does not enter.   Fits shoe size S  Ranger joes part# 7575

30 each - Seal skinz waterproof socks Features an in-cuff seal. When properly donned with the sealing element in tight contact against the skin, water does not enter.   Fits shoe size L(10-11)  Ranger Joes part# 7575

10 each - Seal skinz waterproof socks Features an in-cuff seal. When properly donned with the sealing element in tight contact against the skin, water does not enter.   Fits shoe size XL(12-13)  Ranger Joes part# 7575

40 each - Seal skinz waterproof socks Features an in-cuff seal. When properly donned with the sealing element in tight contact against the skin, water does not enter.   Fits shoe size M(7-9)   Ranger joes part# 7575

60 each - Seal skinz waterproof socks Features an in-cuff seal. When properly donned with the sealing element in tight contact against the skin, water does not enter.   Fits shoe size L(10-11)  Ranger Joes part# 7575

20 each - Seal skinz waterproof socks Features an in-cuff seal. When properly donned with the sealing element in tight contact against the skin, water does not enter.   Fits shoe size XL(12-13)  Ranger Joes part# 7575

100 each - M4 Drop Leg Pouch.  Elastic retention straps allow you to carry 4 or 6 mags without them slapping together and making noise. Holds up to six M16/M4 magazines. Comes complete with the drop leg extender. 1000D Cordura nylon. ACU Digital. The best MOLLE attachment system in the world! Tactical Assault Gear uses a patented MOLLE attachment system that is universal and compatible with any piece of equipment utilizing PALS webbing. This attachment system is commonly referred to as a Soft Snap. It does not have metal/brass snaps that can oxidize and rust from exposure to the elements.  Ranger Joe part  #9612

25 each - Sonic Defenders Ear Plugs, medium:  Surefire EP3 Sonic Defenders protect your hearing without interfering with your ability to  hear routine sounds and conversation. Safe sound levels pass through while potentially harmful noises are lowered. SureFire Sonic Defender Earpieces are made from an ultra-soft, hypoallergenic material, and ergonomically shaped so you can wear them comfortably throughout the day. The Sure-Fire SonicDefender's low-profile design means you won't have to remove them while wearing a helmet, mask or hat, or before using the phone, a headset or supplemental ear muffs.

25 each - Sonic Defenders Ear Plugs, large:  Surefire EP3 Sonic Defenders protect your hearing without interfering with your ability to  hear routine sounds and conversation. Safe sound levels pass through while potentially harmful noises are lowered. SureFire Sonic Defender Earpieces are made from an ultra-soft, hypoallergenic material, and ergonomically shaped so you can wear them comfortably throughout the day. The Sure-Fire SonicDefender's low-profile design means you won't have to remove them while wearing a helmet, mask or hat, or before using the phone, a headset or supplemental ear muffs
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFSC/21CONSb365/FA2517-07-T-5009/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>80914-1400
<POPADDRESS>135 Dover Street
Peterson AFB CO
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Lackland AFB - 37th Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>78236-5253
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811113
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Education and Training Command, Lackland AFB - 37th Contracting Squadron, 1655 Selfridge Avenue, Lackland AFB, TX, 78236-5253, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>J -- Air Purification System
<SOLNBR>FA3047-08-TC0210
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12252007
<CONTACT>Shirley Jones, Contract Specialist, Phone (210)671-2854, Fax (210)671-0674, Email shirley.jones@lackland.af.mil - Barbara Lee, Contracting Officer, Phone 210-671-2812, Fax 210-671-0674, Email barbara.lee@lackland.af.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis and solicitation for commercial items, prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This procurement is being issued as 100% Small business set-aside.  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-21 and DFARS Change Notice 20071108.  North American Industry Classification System Code 811310 and Size Standard $6.5 mil apply to this procurement.  Solicitation number FA3047-08-TC0210 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). Contract Line Items Numbers (CLINs) for this solicitation are as follows:  0001 Ingersoll-Rand Model #SRR EP60 Rotary Screw Compressor (Serial # CA2224U01282), Include labor costs, Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: Qtr,  Unit Price $__________ Total $______________.  0002 Ingersoll-Rand Model # TS325 Refrigerated Air Dryer (Serial # DR10011720-091801), Include labor costs, Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: Qtr, Unit Price $__________ Total $______________.  0003 Ingersoll-Ram Model OL-10 Single Stage Oil Less Compressor (Serial # 0110090326), Include labor costs, Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: Qtr, Unit Price $__________ Total $______________.  0004 Del-Tech Model #8DM25-A Pyramid 8000 Air Dryer/ Purifier (Serial # OMBA1012), Include labor costs, Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: Qtr, Unit Price $__________ Total $______________.  0005 Ingersoll-Rand Model #OL-25 Two Stage Oil Less Compressor (Serial # 0207110098), Include labor costs, Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: Qtr, Unit Price $__________ Total $______________.  0006 Del-Monox Model #5S13 Air Purification Systems (2) (Serial # 1180694-1), Include labor costs, Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: Qtr, Unit Price $__________ Total $______________.  0007 Del-Monox Model #7W13 Air Purification System (Serial # 1185760-1), Include labor costs, Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: Qtr, Unit Price $__________ Total $______________.  0008 Comp-Air Model #V300DA-B 75HP Compressor (Serial # E055-1007), Include labor costs, Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: Qtr, Unit Price $__________ Total $______________.  0009 Comp-Air Model #CTD-400 Refrigerated Air Dryer (Serial # 2000004094), Include labor costs, Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: Qtr, Unit Price $__________ Total $______________.  0010 Service Calls, as required.  Qty: 4, Unit of Issue: EA, NOT TO EXCEED $3,400.00.  Contractor price per call:  $_____________.  0011 Parts, as required.  Qty: 1, Unit of Issue: Lot, NOT TO EXCEED $2,000.00.  Total Amount for all CLINS $____________________.  FOB: Destination for delivery to 433rd Airlift Wing, Building 829, Galaxy Road, Lackland AFB, TX 78236-5253.  The following clauses and provisions apply to this solicitation:  FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offeror?Commercial Items.  Addendum: The following paragraphs are tailored as follows:  Para (c), Period for Acceptance of Quotes.  The quoter agrees to hold the prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days for the date specified for receipt of quotes.  Pare (e), Multiple Offers.  Multiple quotes will not be accepted.  Interested parties may submit a written quote in accordance with FAR 52.212-1 and the attached CLIN structure.  Due to the critical nature of this requirement, the contractor must be able to perform required maintenance during the week 17-21 Dec 07.  Oral quotes will not be accepted.  Quotes must be submitted on an all or none basis.  Your quote must include discount terms, delivery date, tax identification number, cage code, and DUNS number.  To be eligible to receive an award resulting from this RFQ, quoters must be registered in the DoD Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database, no exceptions.  To register, please apply via the Internet at http://www.ccr.gov or by calling 1-888-227-2423.  Quoters must complete the Representations and Certifications in the ORCA database at http://www.bpn.gov/.  FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items.  The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotes: (1) Contractor availability to perform maintenance during specified timeframe; and (2) Price.  Only firm-fixed price offers will be evaluated.  Only firm-fixed price offers will be evaluated.  The Government will award a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation to the lowest priced, responsible quoter submitting the quote that provides the best value to the Government.  Since award will be based on initial responses, quoters are highly encouraged to quote your most advantageous pricing in your initial response.  All responses that meet the criteria contained within will be considered.  Award will be made using Simplified Acquisition Procedures in accordance with FAR 13.106-2.  FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications--Commercial Items; FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items; Addendum: para (c) Changes is tailored as follows: Changes in the terms and conditions of this contract may be made only by written agreement of the parties with the exception of administrative changes, such as changes in the paying office, appropriations data, etc., which may be changed unilaterally by the Government.  FAR 52.212-5 (Deviation), Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders--Commercial Items; FAR 52.219-1 Alt 1, Small Business Program Representations, FAR 52.219-6 Notice of Small Business Set-Aside; FAR 52.222-21, Prohibition Of Segregated Facilities, FAR 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, FAR 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity; FAR 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and other Eligible Veterans; FAR 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities; FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and other Eligible Veterans; FAR 52.222-41, Service Contract Act of 1965, as amended, FAR 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rate of Federal Hires:  Employee Class/Grade and Monetary-Fringe Benefits: Machinery Maintenance Mechanic $15.37/GS-07, Maintenance Machinist $14.27/GS-6, Maintenance Trade Helper  $11.24/GS-03. The fringe benefit factor is 29.55 percent.  
Contribution of 4.5 percent or basic hourly rates for insurance (health and life), 2.7 percent for retirement, 1.7 percent for other fringe benefits and 1.45 percent for Medicare.  Ten paid holidays as follows:  New Year?s Day, Martin Luther King?s Birthday, President?s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veteran?s Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day.  Paid annual leave (vacation) as follows:  (a) 2 hours of annual leave each week for an employee with less than 3 years of service; (b) 3 hours of annual leave each week for an employee with 3 but less than 15 years of service; (c) 4 hours of annual leave each week for an employee with 15 years of service.  Wage Determination Number 2005-2521 Rev 4, dated 09/29/2007 is applicable to this solicitation. A copy of the wage determination can be downloaded at the following website http://www.wdol.gov.  FAR 52.22-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons, FAR 52.233-3, Protest After Award, FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer; FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference, fill in: http://farsite.hill.af.mil or http://www.arnet.gov.  FAR 52.252-6, Authorized Deviations in Clauses, fill in: Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations Supplement (48 CFR Chapter 2),  DFARS 252.204-7003, Control of Government Work Product, DFARS 252.204-7004, Central Contactor Registration, (52.204-7) Alternate A, DFARS 252.212-7001(Deviation), Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes of Executive Orders applicable to Defense Acquisition of Commercial Items, DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American Act and Balance of Payment Program; DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests, and AFFARS 5352.242-9000, Contractor Access to Air Force Installations.  Written quotes are due no later than Quotes may be faxed to (210) 671-0674 or e-mailed to shirley.jones@lackland.af.mil not later than 10 December 2007, 3:00 p.m. Central Standard Time (CST).  

STATEMENT OF WORK:   
Contractor will be provide all management, labor, material, equipment, certifications, tools, and other items and services as necessary for responsible for supplying, replacing, and disposing of all hazardous waste materials; such as oils, coolant and grease necessary to maintain the following breathable air equipment.  All maintenance specific manufacturers' guidelines have been provided within the frame of this documentation.  Any inspection specifically identifying equipment to be serviced two times annually will be preformed every six months.  Any inspection specifically identifying equipment to be serviced three times annually will be performed every four months.  In cases where an hourly check of specified hours on the equipment, such as 4K will the contractor be called out by fuel system supervision.

The contractor shall be responsible for the proper maintenance of the Ingersoll-Rand, 60 hp screw compressor (Model # SSR-EP60, Serial # CA2224U01282):  using the maintenance manual and manufacturers' guideline.   According to the prescribed guidelines, the coolant oil filter shall be replaced after one-month from startup or 150 operating hours (whichever occurs first) and again one year after start-up or 2000 hours (whichever occurs first) and at the same time as the coolant change.  Replace the inlet air element twice annually.  Inspect and test the condensate drain valve for proper operation.  Test the warning lights and safety shutdown devices for proper operation.  Replace the air/oil separator annually or when differential pressure of 15 psig or greater exist across the separator element.  Lubricate the TEFC motor drive end bearings twice annually (every six months) with extreme pressure grease.

Ingersoll-Rand Model SSR-EP60 Rotary Screw Compressor (Serial #
CA2224U01282):  Contractor Responsibilities for Maintenance by Specific Manufacturer Guidelines
Reference IR manual APDD 152C-87, pages 32 to 34; Inlet air filters replaced annually, coolant filter replaced after the first 150 hours and 2K hours thereafter, coolant change annually or 8K hours at the capacity of (5 gallons), air/oil separator annually or when the differential pressure across the element exceeds a pressure drop of 15 PSIG or greater, lube drive motor bearings with extreme pressure grease every 4 to 6 months, and after cooler cleaned every 2K hours.

The contractor shall be responsible for the proper maintenance of the Ingersoll-Rand, refrigerated air dryer (model #TS 325, Serial # DR10011720-091801).  The contractor will clean and visually inspect for leaks and cracks on the condenser element.  Inspect the cooling fan for proper operation and cycling.  Visually inspect and clean the dryer cabinet.  Clean and inspect the heat exchanger for cracks.  Visually inspect electrical connections for evidence of abnormal wear.  Visually inspect electrical connections for security and serviceability.  Also, provide semiannual operational checkouts (every four months) of the refrigerated air dryer to ensure proper loading/unloading and pressure range is maintained.

Ingersoll-Rand Model TS 325 Refrigerated Air Dryer (Serial # DR10011720-091801): 
Contractor Responsibilities for Maintenance by Specific Manufacturer Guidelines
Reference IR Air Dryer Models TS 50 to TS 3000 Maintenance manual, section 4, page 9, Para. 4.1; Compressor power consumption tested quarterly, clean condenser quarterly, and disassemble and clean condensate drain annually.

The contractor shall be responsible for the proper maintenance of the Ingersoll-Rand, 10 hp oil-less air compressor (model #OL10E10, Serial #0110090326).  The contractor will be responsible for providing an initial start-up procedure, as well as, make adjustments in accordance with the manufacturers guidelines. The crankcase and air inlet filters will be replaced twice annually.  The motor drive end bearings will be lubricated twice annually (every six months) with extreme pressure grease.  Drive belt tension checked and adjusted annually and replace belts if necessary.  The after-cooler cleaned and inspect twice annually.  A thorough operational checkout and any required adjustments performed twice annually (every six months).  The piston rings and rider bands replaced annually or between 4K and 6K operating hours (whichever occurs first).

Ingersoll-Rand Model OL-10 Single Stage Oil less Compressor (Serial # 0110090326):
Contractor Responsibilities for Maintenance by Specific Manufacturer Guidelines
Reference IR manual SCD-614, Para. 6-3, page 6-2; Inlet air filters replaced every 6 months, crankcase filter replaced every 6 months, piston rings and rider bands replaced between 4K and 6K hours, drive set and compressor valves replaced every 8K hours*, motor bearings lubricated every 2K hours, and after cooler cleaned every 2K hours.

The contractor shall be responsible for the proper maintenance of the Del-Tech, refrigerated air dryer (model #8DM25-A, Serial #OMBA1012).  Visually inspect and cleaned the condenser element, ensure the unit has no leaks or cracks.  Inspect the cooling fan for proper operation and cycling.  Clean and visually inspect accessible areas of the dryer cabinet.  Clean and inspect the heat exchanger for cracks if so equipped.  Visually inspect compressor and receiver mounts for evidence of abnormal wear.  Visually inspect electrical connections for security and serviceability.  Provide three operational checkouts annually (every four months) to ensure proper loading/unloading and pressure range is maintained.  Provide testing of the control panel trouble lights and the automatic drain valve performed three times annually (every four months). Change once annually the coalescing filters, after filter and catalyst.  Replace the activated carbon filter three times annually (every four months).

Del-Tech Model 8DM25-A Pyramid 8000 Air Dryer/Purifier (Serial # OMBA1012):
Reference Deltech Bulletin 289 Installation, Operating, and Maintenance manual, pages 10 to 20; Prefilter replaced annually, final filter replaced quarterly, catalyst cartridge replaced annually, and after filter element replaced annually.  Testing and inspection of automatic drain valves, operating temperatures and pressure ranges are dictated by trouble indicating lights on operator's panel.

The contractor shall be responsible for the proper maintenance of Ingersoll-Rand, 25 hp oil-less compressor (model # OL25X25, Serial #0207110098).  Lubricate unloaders once annually.   Inspect belt tension, condition and adjust as required three times annually.  Replace drive belts annually.  Replace the crankcase and intake air filter elements three times annually.  Replace the piston rings, bands, and head gaskets annually or between 4k and 6k operating hours (whichever occurs first).  Inspect and test condensation drain valve for proper operation three times annually (every four months).  Inspect and Test Safety/Pressure Relief Valves three times annually (every four months) and replace once annually.  Lubricate the TEFC motor drive end bearings three times annually (every four months) with extreme pressure grease.

Ingersoll-Rand Model OL-25 Two Stage Oil less Compressor (Serial # 0207110098):
Contractor Responsibilities for Maintenance by Specific Manufacturer Guidelines
Reference IR manual SCD-764B, section 6, pages 6-2 to 6-5; Inlet air filters replaced every 6 months or 1K hours, crankcase filter replaced every 6 months or as required, piston rings and rider bands replaced between 4K and 6K hours, drive set and compressor valves replaced every 8K hours*, motor bearings lubed every 2K hours, unloader replaced at 6K hours, and after cooler cleaned every 2K hours.

The contractor shall be responsible for the proper maintenance of the Del-Monox, air purification system (model #5S13, Serial #1180694-1).  Replace the final filter element three times annually (every four months).  Inspect the desiccant for serviceability and ensure it is clean and free of any contaminates.  Inspect the regeneration line strainer, dismantle and inspect check valves for proper operation and leak check three times annually (every four months).  Replace the catalyst, muffler and pre-filter annually.

Del-Monox Model 5S13 Air Purification System (Serial # 1180694-1):
Contractor Responsibilities for Maintenance by Specific Manufacturer Guidelines
Reference Deltech Installation, Operating, and Maintenance manual, table 5, page8 to 19; Prefilter replaced annually, final filter replaced quarterly, catalyst cartridge replaced annually, upper and lower poppet valves replaced annually, muffler replaced annually, control valve kit replaced annually, and towers desiccant replaced.

The contractor shall be responsible for the proper maintenance of the Del-Monox, air purification system (model #7W13, Serial # 1185760-1).  Replace the final filter element three times annually (every four months).  Inspect the desiccant for serviceability and ensure it is clean and free of any contaminates. Inspect the regeneration line strainer, dismantle and inspect check valves for proper operation and leak check three times annually (every four months).  Replace the catalyst, muffler and pre-filter annually.

Del-Monox Model 7W13 Air Purification System (Serial # 1185760-1):
Contractor Responsibilities for Maintenance by Specific Manufacturer Guidelines
Reference Deltech Installation, Operating, and Maintenance manual, table 5, page8 to 19; Prefilter replaced annually, final filter replaced quarterly, catalyst cartridge replaced annually, upper and lower poppet valves replaced annually, muffler replaced annually, control valve kit replaced annually, and towers desiccant replaced.

The contractor shall be responsible for the proper maintenance of Comp-air, 75 hp reciprocating compressor (model #V300DA-B, Serial # E055-1007).  Inspect the compressor oil/coolant, oil filter element, and belts.  The Comp-air, 75 hp belts will be replaced annually.  The balance of the fresh oil will remain with the equipment for topping off the oil level and future use.  The inlet air filter elements will be replaced twice annually (every six months).  The condensate drain will be inspected and tested for proper operation.  Warning lights and safety shutdown devices will be tested for proper operation twice annually (every six months).  Inspect the TEFC motor drive end bearings and drive pulleys and lubricate twice annually (every six months) with extreme pressure grease.

Comp-Air Model V300DA-B 75 hp Compressor (Serial # E055-1007):  Contractor Responsibilities for Maintenance by Specific Manufacturer  Guidelines
Reference Comp-Air V300 Series manual 20160-1791; Inlet air filters replaced annually, coolant filter replaced annually, drive belts replaced as required or annually, and coolant change annually or 8K hours at the capacity of (5 gallons)

The contractor shall be responsible for the proper maintenance of the Comp-Air, refrigerated air dryer (model # CTD400, Serial # 2000004094).  Inspect the condenser element to ensure it is cleaned and visually inspected for evidence of leaks and cracks.  Cooling fan inspected for proper operation and cycling.  Clean and visually inspect accessible areas for the dryer cabinet.  Ensure the heat exchanger is clean and inspected for cracks if so equipped.   Visually inspect compressor and receiver mounts for evidence of abnormal wear.  Visually inspect electrical connections for security and serviceability.  Provide semiannual operational checkouts (every four months) to ensure proper loading/unloading and pressure range is maintained.

Comp-Air Model CTD 400 Refrigerated Air Dryer (Serial # 2000004094):
Contractor Responsibilities for Maintenance by Specific Manufacturer Guidelines
Reference Comp-Air CTD 15 -2000 Series manual, section H, page 12; Prefilter cleaned quarterly, solenoid valve cleaned as required, compressor power consumption tested at 6 months, clean condenser at 6 months, check security of hoses, fittings, piping, and electrical connections at 6 months, check head pressure and proper operation of compressor at 6 months.

Any reference of "as required" simply means that the safety, serviceability, and reliability of any specified component or function of a component rest solely with the judgment of the technician conducting the inspection or observation of proper function.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/LackAFBCS/FA3047-08-TC0210/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>78236-5252
<POPADDRESS>37 CONS/LGCC
1655 Selfridge Avenue
Lackland AFB
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>1st CONS
<ZIP>23665
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541519
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Combat Command, 1st CONS, 74 Nealy Avenue, Suite 100, Langley AFB, VA, 23665, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- Proventia support
<SOLNBR>FA4800-08-Q-BW01
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>01112008
<CONTACT>Benjamin Wells, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-764-2587, Fax 757-764-2587, Email benjamin.wells.ctr@langley.af.mil - Anissa Ragland, Contracting Officer, Phone 757-764-7483, Fax 757-764-7447, Email anissa.ragland@langley.af.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation is being issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ).  Submit only written quotations for RFQ FA4800-08-Q-BW01.  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-21.  The associated NAICS code is 541519 with a $23M size standard.  This acquisition is 100% set aside for small business. This RFQ contains 3 line items. The line item descriptions are as follows:  Line Item 0001 ISS Provential GS00 Standard Annual Technical Support Part # ISS-G200-1-CBS-CT 32 ea.  Line Item 0002 Site Protector Reporting Module ? Standard Annual Maintenance and support 3 ea.  Line Item 0003 ISS Proventia GS4002 1 year Support/exchange and updates, Part # ISS-GX4002-C-1M. 2 ea.   PROVISIONS/CLAUSES.  The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors ? Commercial Item, applies to this acquisition.  The provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications ? Commercial Items, applies to this solicitation and the offeror must include a completed copy of this provision with their proposal.  FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions?Commercial Items, applies to this solicitation.  The clause at FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders ? Commercial Items, applies to this solicitation.  Specifically, the following clauses cited are applicable to this solicitation, FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Aside, FAR 52.219-28 ? Post-Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation, FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor, FAR 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with authorities and Remedies, 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities, FAR 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity, FAR 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and other Eligible Veterans, FAR 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities, FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era, FAR 52.222-50 -- Combating Trafficking in Persons, DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Request, DFARS 252.246-7000, Material Inspection and Receiving Report. The clause at DFARS 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders applicable to Defense Acquisition of Commercial Items, applies to this solicitation.  Specifically, the following DFARS clauses cited are applicable to this solicitation: 252.204-7004, Alternate A.  Addenda to FAR 52.212-5: The following additional clauses apply to this solicitation: FAR 52.233-2, Service of Protest:  (a) Protest, as defined in section 33.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that are filed directly with an agency, and copies of any protests that are filed with the General Accounting Office (GAO), shall be served on the Contracting Officer Anissa Ragland (addressed as follows) by obtaining written and dated acknowledgement of receipt from 1st Contracting Squadron, Attn: TSgt Anissa Ragland, 74 Nealy Avenue, Langley AFB, VA 23665-2088.  (b) The copy of any protest shall be received in the office designated above within one day of filing a protest with the GAO.  The above Provisions and Clauses may be obtained via internet at http://farsite.hill.af.mil.  All proposals must be faxed or emailed to POC Benjamin A. Wells at 1 CONS/LGCB, 74 Nealy Avenue, Langley AFB, VA 23665-2088.  EVALUATION OF QUOTATIONS/OFFERS:  Quotes/offers will be evaluated IAW 13.106-2.  Award will be made to the responsible offeror who?s quote/offer represents the best value in terms of technical (capability of item(s) offered to meet the government need), price, and past performance, which will be most advantageous to the government.  Quotes must be signed, dated and submitted by  11 December 2007, 3:00 pm, Eastern Standard Time (EST) to the 1st Contracting Squadron/LGCB, Attn: Benjamin A. Wells, Contract Administrator, Commercial Phone 757-764-2587, Fax 757-764-7447, E-mail benjamin.wells.ctr@langley.af.mil, LATE OFFERS:  Offerors are reminded that e-mail transmission of quote/offer prior to the closing date and time will not constitute a timely submission of quote/offer unless it is received by the government prior to the closing date and time.  Quotations/offers or modification of quotes/offers received at the address specified for the receipt of offers after the exact time specified for receipt of offers WILL NOT be considered (ref. FAR 52.212-1(f)).  All contractors must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration http://www.ccr.gov database prior to any contract award.  Please submit the following information with each quote:  Cage Code, DUNS number, Tax Identification Number, Prompt Payment Terms, Delivery Time, GSA Contract No. (if applicable), Date offer expires, warranty, Line item unit price, and Total cost.

POINT OF CONTACT

Benjamin A. Wells, Contract Administrator, Phone 757-764-2587, Fax 757-764-7447, benjamin.wells.ctr@langley.af.mil 

Anissa Ragland, Contracting Officer, Phone 757-764-7483, Fax 757-764-7447, anissa.ragland@langley.af.mil 

Email your questions to Benjamin A. Wells at benjamin.wells.ctr@langley.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/1CONS/FA4800-08-Q-BW01/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>23665
<POPADDRESS>83 NOS/SCOI
Langley AFB, VA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>23 CONS
<ZIP>31699-1794
<CLASSCOD>13
<NAICS>332992
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Combat Command, 23 CONS, 4380B Alabama Rd, Moody AFB, GA, 31699-1794, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>13 -- Simunitions
<SOLNBR>FA4830-08-Q-0007
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>William Davis, Contracting Officer, Phone 229-257-4917, Fax 229-257-4032, Email william.davis@moody.af.mil - Eric Burton, Contract Specialist, Phone 229-257-2959, Fax 229-257-4032, Email eric.burton@moody.af.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and A WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED.  The solicitation number for this procurement is FA4830-08-Q-0007 and is issued as Request for Quotation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-16, Defense Acquisition Circular (DAC) 91-13 correction, DFARS Change Notice (DCN) 20070906, and Air Force Acquisition Circular (AFAC) 2007-0823. This solicitation will be issued unrestricted IAW FAR 19.502-2. The North American Industry Classification System is 332992.

The BID SCHEDULE shall be for:

LINE ITEM 0001 QTY 40 EA: General Dynamics Ordinance and Tactical Systems 9mm FX Red, 5300432, 1,000 Round Case OR EQUAL

LINE ITEM 0002 QTY 40 EA: General Dynamics Ordinance and Tactical Systems 9mm FX Blue, 5303700, 1,000 Round Case OR EQUAL

LINE ITEM 0002 QTY 30 EA: General Dynamics Ordinance and Tactical Systems 5.56mm GX Blue Clipped, 5357242, 1,000 Round Case OR EQUAL

All items quoted must be the exact items listed OR EQUAL.   The contracting officer will determine if the quoted products are suitable substitutions making them qualify as an OR EQUAL product. 

DELIVERY:  Shall be delivered to MOODY AFB GA 31699.     FOB POINT:     Destination price must include shipping. Provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instruction to Offerors Commercial Items applies to this acquisition.     The following addenda is provided to this provision: Request for Quotation should be submitted and shall contain the following information:     SOLICITATION NUMBER; TIME SPECIFIED FOR RECEIPT OF OFFERS; NAME; ADDRESS; TELEPHONE NUMBER OF OFFEROR; TERMS OF THE EXPRESSED WARRANTY; PRICE, ANY DISCOUNT TERMS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ALL SOLICITATION AMENDMENTS.  Quote shall also contain all other documentation specified herein.  Signed quotes must indicate quantity, unit price and total amount.  Offerors that fail to furnish the required representations or information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration.     
EVALUATION/AWARD:     IAW FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items, the Government will award a purchase order resulting from this solicitation to the Best Value offer.  All offerors MUST BE CENTRAL CONTRACTOR REGISTERED (CCR).     Information concerning CCR registration requirements may be viewed via the internet at http://www.ccr.gov/ or by calling the CCR Registration Centers at 1-888-227-2423. OFFERORS SHALL INCLUDE A COMPLETE COPY OF THE PROVISION AT FAR 52.212-3, OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS-COMMERCIAL ITEMS, WITH THEIR OFFER. The following listed FAR clauses apply to this solicitation and are incorporated by reference.     All FAR Clauses may be viewed in full text by viewing the Federal Acquisition Regulation Table of Contents via the internet at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/.     FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items; FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items.     Pursuant to FAR Clause 52.212-5 the following clauses are hereby incorporated by reference:  FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (E.O. 11755), FAR 52.233-3 Protest After Award (31 U.S.C. 3553 and 40 U.S.C. 759), FAR 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns and Small Disadvantaged Business Concerns (15 U.S.C. 637 (d)(2) and (3)), FAR 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity (E.O. 11246) FAR 52.222-35, Affirmative Action for Special Disabled and Vietnam Era Veterans (38 U.S.C. 4212) FAR 52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Handicapped Workers (29 U.S.C. 793) FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era (38 U.S.C. 4212) FAR 52.225-3, Buy American Act-Supplies (41 U.S.C. 10) FAR 52.225-21, Buy American Act-North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act-Balance of Payments Program (41 U.S.C. 10, pub.L.103-187) FAR 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S. Flag Commercial Vessels (46 U.S.C. 1241) FAR 52.232-33, Mandatory Information for Electronic Funds Transfer Payment, FAR 52.228-5 Insurance-Work on a Government Installation. The following FAR Clauses apply if marked /X/:     / X/ FAR 52.214-21, Descriptive Literature, /  / FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside. RESPONSE TIME:     REQUEST FOR QUOTATION WILL BE ACCEPTED AT THE 23 CONTRACTING SQUADRON LOCATED AT 4380B ALABAMA ROAD, MOODY AFB GA 31699 NO LATER THAN 2:00 P.M. EST ON 7 December 2007. ALL PROPOSALS SHALL BE MARKED WITH REQUEST FOR QUOTATION, SOLICITATION NUMBER, RECEIPT OF QUOTATION DATE & TIME, AND PROJECT TITLE ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE PROPOSAL ENVELOPE. MULTIPLE AWARDS WILL NOT BE MADE FROM THIS COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION.  FACSIMILE AND EMAIL OFFERS WILL BE ACCEPTED.     Contracting Officer: Lt Will Davis. The point of contact for this solicitation is Lt Davis, (229) 257- 4917 (phone), (229) 257-4032 (fax), or william.davis@moody.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/347CONS/FA4830-08-Q-0007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>31699
<POPADDRESS>7196 Savannah St. Moody AFB, GA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Direct Reporting Units
<LOCATION>USAF Academy - 10 MSG/LGC
<ZIP>80840-2315
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>326299
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Direct Reporting Units, USAF Academy - 10 MSG/LGC, 8110 Industrial Drive Suite 200, USAF Academy, CO, 80840-2315, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>65 -- Smart Cell Tech
<SOLNBR>FA7000-08-T-0010
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>12282007
<CONTACT>Ronnie Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, Phone 719-333-2965, Fax 719-333-9103, Email ronnie.wilkinson@usafa.af.mil
<DESC>his is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items or services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ), solicitation number FA7000-08-T-0010, in accordance with FAR Parts 12 & 13.  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-21 07 November 2007.  The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) number is 326299 and the business standard is 500 employees.  The proposed acquisition is reserved for 100% small businesses. 

This is a name brand or equal acquisition clause 52.211-6 applies. Vendors must supply installation and warranty on parts, labor, and travel; FOB Destination (as part of your bid):

Line      Description					Qty		unit  unit price	  total
Item

0001  	-Smart Cell Technology Pkg or equal		1		pkg
	Black rubber ramp    6? X 3.5?
Smart cells pad carpet squares 1? thick per square ft 936 pads
Carpet squares  1080 square ft Mohawk or Lee ? flexible vinyl backed
Installation


0002	-Smart Cell Technology Pkg or equal		1		pkg
	Black rubber ramp    12? X 3.5?
Smart cells pad carpet squares 1? thick per square ft 117 pads
Nora Rubber (Nora Plan Eco 1082)  200 sq ft  
Installation


0003	-Smart Cell Technology Pkg or equal		1		pkg
	Black rubber ramp    51? X 3.5?
Smart cells pad carpet squares 1? thick per square ft 1100 pads
Nora Rubber (Nora Plan Eco 1082)  1200 sq ft 
Installation

Installation requirements:
No major holidays, 4 weeks notice for scheduling of installation
	

Salient (required)  Characteristic:
Optimized Anti-fatigue Sub-Flooring Specification
(SmartCells Design or Equal)
1.	Smooth surface supported by unstable, buckling tubular structure 
2.	Elastic modulus 06.-0.9 MPa
3.	Durometer of 50 (shore A scale)
4.	Resilience of 23%
5.	Shock reduction of 39% (DIN)
6.	?Bottoming out? depth of 15 mm
7.	25 mm nominal thickness
8.	Instantaneous rebound of shock absorbing tubes in-phase with work activity
9.	Stress-compressibility curve with a negative slope (softens as compressed)
10.	Supports rolling loads (up to 100 pound point rolling load per wheel on an 8?x1.5? wheel or equivalent)
11.	Eight year manufacturer?s warranty
12.	Sealed surface to prevent fluid penetration into cushioning element 
13.	?Built-in?, optimized anti-fatigue design, eliminating need for additional surface mats
14.	Reconfigurable modular tiles
15.	Floating floor / loose-lay design, eliminating need to glue down 
Ability to cover with commercial floor coverings with releasable adhesive to enable changing of wear layer as needed (e.g. Nora Sheet Rubber, Carpet tile)

DOMESTIC, ENGLISH



Delivery is scheduled:  6-8 weeks after award

Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Items.  FAR 52.212-1 is supplemented per following addenda:  "Contractor shall submit their quote on company letterhead, provide solicitation number, the time specified in the solicitation for receipt of offers, name, address, and telephone number of the offeror, unit price, and  over all total price. 

A technical description (include information illustrating that your product meets our technical requirements), any discount terms, cage code, DUNS number, size of business, acknowledgement of solicitation Amendments, a completed copy of the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3, if online representations and certifications (ORCA - https://orca.bpn.gov/search/publicsearch.aspx  have not been completed, and DFARS 252.225-7000, Buy American Act-Balance of Payments Program Certificate.  

The provisions at 52-212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. Add to 52.212-2 Award Basis:  If the Government determines it is in its best interest, it will award a purchase order resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforms to the solicitation.  Award will be made to the lowest priced offer that is determined to be technically acceptable.   The clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items, with the following addenda ADDENDUM TO FAR 52.212-4(c) CHANGES   Text in paragraph (c) is deleted and replaced with the following:    Changes in terms and conditions of this contract may be made only by written agreement of the parties with the exception of certain changes such as administrative changes including changes in paying office, appropriation data, etc. authorized by the Federal Acquisition Regulation and its supplements that may be made unilaterally by the Contracting Officer (for a complete list of changes that may be made unilaterally, see FAR 43.103(b))     (End of Addendum), applies: 

other FAR Clauses that apply to this acquisition


52.219-1 Alt I	    Small Business Program Representations
52.219-6		    Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside                             52.222-3             Convict Labor (Jun 2003)
52.222-19		   Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan
                           2006) 
52.222-21		Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Feb 1999)
52.222-26		Equal Opportunity (Mar 2007)
52.222-36		Affirmative Action for Workers With Disabilities (Jun 1998)
52.222-50	Combating Trafficking in Persons (Aug 2007)                                           52.225-13	Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2006)                         52.232-33	Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer--Central Contractor 
                        Registration (Oct. 2003)                                                                                                                 52.233-3          Protest After Award (Aug 1996)
52.233-4		Applicable Law For Breach Of Contract Claim (Oct 2004)
52.252-2		Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998)
52.252-6		Authorized Deviations in Clauses (Apr 1984)
252.232-7003 	Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (Mar 2007)
252.225-7000	  American Act--Balance of Payments Program Certificate. 
                         (Apr 2003)
5352.242-9500 Contractor Access to Air Force Installation (May 2003)
Clauses Hereby Incorporated In Full Text:
	
52.219-28    POST-AWARD SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REREPRESENTATION (JUNE 2007)

(a) Definitions. As used in this clause--

Long-term contract means a contract of more than five years in duration, including options. However, the term does not include contracts that exceed five years in duration because the period of performance has been extended for a cumulative period not to exceed six months under the clause at 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, or other appropriate authority.

Small business concern means a concern, including its affiliates, that is independently owned and operated, not dominant in the field of operation in which it is bidding on Government contracts, and qualified as a small business under the criteria in 13 CFR part 121 and the size standard in paragraph (c) of this clause.

(b) If the Contractor represented that it was a small business concern prior to award of this contract, the Contractor shall rerepresent its size status according to paragraph (e) of this clause or, if applicable, paragraph (g) of this clause, upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(1) Within 30 days after execution of a novation agreement or within 30 days after modification of the contract to include this clause, if the novation agreement was executed prior to inclusion of this clause in the contract.

(2) Within 30 days after a merger or acquisition that does not require a novation or within 30 days after modification of the contract to include this clause, if the merger or acquisition occurred prior to inclusion of this clause in the contract.

(3) For long-term contracts--

(i) Within 60 to 120 days prior to the end of the fifth year of the contract; and

(ii) Within 60 to 120 days prior to the exercise date specified in the contract for any option thereafter.

(c) The Contractor shall rerepresent its size status in accordance with the size standard in effect at the time of this rerepresentation that corresponds to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this contract. The small business size standard corresponding to this NAICS code can be found at http://www.sba.gov/services/contractingopportunities/sizestandardstopics/.

(d) The small business size standard for a Contractor providing a product which it does not manufacture itself, for a contract other than a construction or service contract, is 500 employees.

(e) Except as provided in paragraph (g) of this clause, the Contractor shall make the rerepresentation required by paragraph (b) of this clause by validating or updating all its representations in the Online Representations and Certifications Application and its data in the Central Contractor Registration, as necessary, to ensure they reflect current status. The Contractor shall notify the contracting office by e-mail, or otherwise in writing, that the data have been validated or updated, and provide the date of the validation or update.

(f) If the Contractor represented that it was other than a small business concern prior to award of this contract, the Contractor may, but is not required to, take the actions required by paragraphs (e) or (g) of this clause.

(g) If the Contractor does not have representations and certifications in ORCA, or does not have a representation in ORCA for the NAICS code applicable to this contract, the Contractor is required to complete the following rerepresentation and submit it to the contracting office, along with the contract number and the date on which the rerepresentation was completed:

The Contractor represents that it (  X) is, (  ) is not a small business concern under NAICS Code 339114 - assigned to contract number      .

(Contractor to sign and date and insert authorized signer's name and title).

(End of clause)





5352.201-9101    	OMBUDSMAN (AUG 2005)
	(a) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from 	offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the 	ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, the ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the party to another official who can resolve the concern. 

	(b) Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMB Circular A-76 competition performance decisions).

	(c) If resolution cannot be made by the contracting officer, concerned parties may contact:	
            Tara Petersen
		8110 Industrial Drive, Ste 103
		USAFA  CO  80840
		719-333-2074
		719-333-9018 (Fax)
		email:  tara.petersen@usafa.af.mil
 	Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot be resolved at the MAJCOM/DRU level, may be brought by the concerned party for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary (ADAS) (Contracting), 	
	SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington DC 20330-1060, phone number (703) 	588-7004, facsimile number (703) 588-1067.
	(d) The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. 

	(e) Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due date, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the Contracting Officer. 
						(End of clause)

 This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available.  Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/.  


The clause at 52.212-5 (Dev), Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition.  Additional FAR clauses cited in the clause applicable to this acquisition are:  DFARS 252.212-7001 (Dev), Contract terms and conditions required to implement status of Executive Orders applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition with the inclusion of the following:  DFARS 252.225-7001 Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program.  Offers must be received NLT 10 AM Mountain Standard Time 13 December 2007, at 10th ABW/LGCB, Operational Contracting Office, 8110 Industrial Drive, Suite 200, USAF Academy, CO 80840-2315.  Offers received after this date and time will be considered late in accordance with 52.212-1(f) and will not be evaluated.  

Quotes may be faxed to the attention of Ronnie Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, 719-333-9103 or email to ronnie.wilkinson@usafa.af.mil 
Please contact Ronnie Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, 719-333-2965 or email to ronnie.wilkinson@usafa.af.mil regarding questions to this request for quote.  Alternate contact is Leslie Ryan, Contracting Officer, 719-333-3961 or email to leslie.ryan@usafa.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/DRU/10ABWLGC/FA7000-08-T-0010/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>80840
<POPADDRESS>8110 Industrial Dr Ste 200
USAFA CA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Direct Reporting Units
<LOCATION>USAF Academy - 10 MSG/LGC
<ZIP>80840-2315
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>339114
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Direct Reporting Units, USAF Academy - 10 MSG/LGC, 8110 Industrial Drive Suite 200, USAF Academy, CO, 80840-2315, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>65 -- Water MD Laser
<SOLNBR>FA7000-08-T-0014
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>12282007
<CONTACT>Ronnie Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, Phone 719-333-2965, Fax 719-333-9103, Email ronnie.wilkinson@usafa.af.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items or services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ), solicitation number FA7000-08-T-0014, in accordance with FAR Parts 12 & 13.  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-21 07 November 2007.  The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) number is 339114 and the business standard is 500 employees.  The proposed acquisition is reserved for 100% small businesses. 

This is a name brand or equal acquisition clause 52.211-6 applies. Vendors must supply installation and warranty on parts, labor, and travel and 2 each copies of service and operating manuals; FOB Destination (as part of your bid):
 

Line      Description				Qty		unit	unit price	total
Item

0001  	-Waterlase MD Laser or equal	1		each
	


MUST INCLUDE TWO COPIES OF SERVICE AND OPERATING MANUALS		

Salient (required) Characteristic:
?	YSGG Laser energy and water
?	Plug into standard US outlet
?	FDA approved for use on hard tissue 
?	Ultra-white, shadow-free illumination from hand piece based on cutting edge, bulb-free LED light
?	Contra-angle, 360?? rotatable hand piece
?	Ultra low-mass hand piece head design for increased visibility and access
?	Provide mass training to all users at no additional charge
?	Have touch-screen control system
?	Be mobile with heavy duty casters
?	Storage area for foot pedal and extra hand pieces/other accessories
?	Water cartridge system for easy water replenishment
?	Flexible hand piece cord that will ?follow? the providers movements (no rigid hand piece attachments)
?	10 to 50 Hz selectable pulse repetition rate for expanded versatility across all tissue types
?	0.1 to 8.0 watts of power
?	Selectable pulse modes for hard and soft tissue
?	Factory-loaded pre-sets for new users and completely customizable for experience laser dentists
?	Must be able to be used for following procedures:
o	Class I, II, III, IV, and V cavity preparation
o	Caries removal
o	Hard tissue surface roughening or etching
o	Enameloplasty, excavation of pits and fissures for placement of sealants 
o	Osseous crown lengthening
o	Cutting, shaving, contouring and resection of oral osseous tissue (bone)
o	Osteoplasty and osseous recontouring (removal of bone to correct osseous defects and create physiologic osseous contours)
o	Ostectomy (resection of bone to restore bony architecture, resection of bone for grafting, etc.)
o	Cutting bone to prepare a window access to the apex (apices) of the root(s).
o	Apicoectomy ? amputation of the root end
o	Root end preparation for retrofill amalgam or composite.
o	Tooth preparation to obtain access to root canal
o	Root canal preparation including enlargement
o	Root canal debridement and cleaning
o	Incision, excision, vaporization, ablation and coagulation of oral soft tissues 
o	Excisional and incisional biopsies
o	Exposure of unerupted teeth
o	Fibroma removal
o	Flap preparation ? incision of soft tissue to prepare a flap/expose the bone
o	Frenectomy and frenotomy
o	Gingival troughing for crown impressions
o	Gingivectomy
o	Hemostasis
o	Implant recovery
o	Incision and drainage of abscesses
o	Operculectomy
o	Pulpotomy
o	Pulp extirpation
o	Pulpotomy as an adjunct to root canal therapy
o	Root canal debridement and cleaning
o	Removal of pathological tissues from around the apex
o	Soft tissue crown lengthening
o	Sulcular debridement
o	Treatment of canker sores, herpetic/aphthous ulcers of the oral mucosa vestibuloplasty
o	Flap preparation ? incision of soft tissue to prepare a flap/expose unerupted teeth (hard and soft tissue impactions)
o	Removal of granulation tissue from bony defects
o	Last soft tissue curettage

DOMESTIC, ENGLISH

Delivery is scheduled:  6-8 weeks after award

Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Items.  FAR 52.212-1 is supplemented per following addenda:  "Contractor shall submit their quote on company letterhead, provide solicitation number, the time specified in the solicitation for receipt of offers, name, address, and telephone number of the offeror, unit price, and  over all total price. 

A technical description (include information illustrating that your product meets our technical requirements), any discount terms, cage code, DUNS number, size of business, acknowledgement of solicitation Amendments, a completed copy of the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3, if online representations and certifications (ORCA - https://orca.bpn.gov/search/publicsearch.aspx  have not been completed, and DFARS 252.225-7000, Buy American Act-Balance of Payments Program Certificate.  

The provisions at 52-212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. Add to 52.212-2 Award Basis:  If the Government determines it is in its best interest, it will award a purchase order resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforms to the solicitation.  Award will be made to the lowest priced offer that is determined to be technically acceptable.   The clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items, with the following addenda ADDENDUM TO FAR 52.212-4(c) CHANGES   Text in paragraph (c) is deleted and replaced with the following:    Changes in terms and conditions of this contract may be made only by written agreement of the parties with the exception of certain changes such as administrative changes including changes in paying office, appropriation data, etc. authorized by the Federal Acquisition Regulation and its supplements that may be made unilaterally by the Contracting Officer (for a complete list of changes that may be made unilaterally, see FAR 43.103(b))     (End of Addendum), other FAR Clauses that apply to this acquisition


52.219-1 Alt I	    Small Business Program Representations
52.219-6		    Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside                             52.222-3             Convict Labor (Jun 2003)
52.222-19		   Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan
                           2006) 
52.222-21		Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Feb 1999)
52.222-26		Equal Opportunity (Mar 2007)
52.222-36		Affirmative Action for Workers With Disabilities (Jun 1998)
52.222-50	Combating Trafficking in Persons (Aug 2007)                                           52.225-13	Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2006)                         52.232-33	Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer--Central Contractor 
                        Registration (Oct. 2003)                                                                                                                 52.233-3          Protest After Award (Aug 1996)
52.233-4		Applicable Law For Breach Of Contract Claim (Oct 2004)
52.252-2		Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998)
52.252-6		Authorized Deviations in Clauses (Apr 1984)
252.232-7003 	Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (Mar 2007)
252.225-7000	  American Act--Balance of Payments Program Certificate. 
                         (Apr 2003)
5352.242-9500 Contractor Access to Air Force Installation (May 2003)
Clauses Hereby Incorporated In Full Text:
	
52.219-28    POST-AWARD SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REREPRESENTATION (JUNE 2007)

(a) Definitions. As used in this clause--

Long-term contract means a contract of more than five years in duration, including options. However, the term does not include contracts that exceed five years in duration because the period of performance has been extended for a cumulative period not to exceed six months under the clause at 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, or other appropriate authority.

Small business concern means a concern, including its affiliates, that is independently owned and operated, not dominant in the field of operation in which it is bidding on Government contracts, and qualified as a small business under the criteria in 13 CFR part 121 and the size standard in paragraph (c) of this clause.

(b) If the Contractor represented that it was a small business concern prior to award of this contract, the Contractor shall rerepresent its size status according to paragraph (e) of this clause or, if applicable, paragraph (g) of this clause, upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(1) Within 30 days after execution of a novation agreement or within 30 days after modification of the contract to include this clause, if the novation agreement was executed prior to inclusion of this clause in the contract.

(2) Within 30 days after a merger or acquisition that does not require a novation or within 30 days after modification of the contract to include this clause, if the merger or acquisition occurred prior to inclusion of this clause in the contract.

(3) For long-term contracts--

(i) Within 60 to 120 days prior to the end of the fifth year of the contract; and

(ii) Within 60 to 120 days prior to the exercise date specified in the contract for any option thereafter.

(c) The Contractor shall rerepresent its size status in accordance with the size standard in effect at the time of this rerepresentation that corresponds to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this contract. The small business size standard corresponding to this NAICS code can be found at http://www.sba.gov/services/contractingopportunities/sizestandardstopics/.

(d) The small business size standard for a Contractor providing a product which it does not manufacture itself, for a contract other than a construction or service contract, is 500 employees.

(e) Except as provided in paragraph (g) of this clause, the Contractor shall make the rerepresentation required by paragraph (b) of this clause by validating or updating all its representations in the Online Representations and Certifications Application and its data in the Central Contractor Registration, as necessary, to ensure they reflect current status. The Contractor shall notify the contracting office by e-mail, or otherwise in writing, that the data have been validated or updated, and provide the date of the validation or update.

(f) If the Contractor represented that it was other than a small business concern prior to award of this contract, the Contractor may, but is not required to, take the actions required by paragraphs (e) or (g) of this clause.

(g) If the Contractor does not have representations and certifications in ORCA, or does not have a representation in ORCA for the NAICS code applicable to this contract, the Contractor is required to complete the following rerepresentation and submit it to the contracting office, along with the contract number and the date on which the rerepresentation was completed:

The Contractor represents that it (  X) is, (  ) is not a small business concern under NAICS Code 339114 - assigned to contract number      .

(Contractor to sign and date and insert authorized signer's name and title).

(End of clause)





5352.201-9101    	OMBUDSMAN (AUG 2005)
	(a) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from 	offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the 	ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, the ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the party to another official who can resolve the concern. 

	(b) Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMB Circular A-76 competition performance decisions).

	(c) If resolution cannot be made by the contracting officer, concerned parties may contact:	
            Tara Petersen
		8110 Industrial Drive, Ste 103
		USAFA  CO  80840
		719-333-2074
		719-333-9018 (Fax)
		email:  tara.petersen@usafa.af.mil
 	Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot be resolved at the MAJCOM/DRU level, may be brought by the concerned party for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary (ADAS) (Contracting), 	
	SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington DC 20330-1060, phone number (703) 	588-7004, facsimile number (703) 588-1067.
	(d) The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. 

	(e) Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due date, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the Contracting Officer. 
						(End of clause)

 This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available.  Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/.  


The clause at 52.212-5 (Dev), Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition.  Additional FAR clauses cited in the clause applicable to this acquisition are:  DFARS 252.212-7001 (Dev), Contract terms and conditions required to implement status of Executive Orders applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition with the inclusion of the following:  DFARS 252.225-7001 Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program.  Offers must be received NLT 10 AM Mountain Standard Time 13 December 2007, at 10th ABW/LGCB, Operational Contracting Office, 8110 Industrial Drive, Suite 200, USAF Academy, CO 80840-2315.  Offers received after this date and time will be considered late in accordance with 52.212-1(f) and will not be evaluated.  

Quotes may be faxed to the attention of Ronnie Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, 719-333-9103 or email to ronnie.wilkinson@usafa.af.mil 
Please contact Ronnie Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, 719-333-2965 or email to ronnie.wilkinson@usafa.af.mil regarding questions to this request for quote.  Alternate contact is Leslie Ryan, Contracting Officer, 719-333-3961 or email to leslie.ryan@usafa.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/DRU/10ABWLGC/FA7000-08-T-0014/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>80840
<POPADDRESS>8110 Industrial Dr Ste 200
USAFA CO
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Direct Reporting Units
<LOCATION>USAF Academy - 10 MSG/LGC
<ZIP>80840-2315
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>326299
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Direct Reporting Units, USAF Academy - 10 MSG/LGC, 8110 Industrial Drive Suite 200, USAF Academy, CO, 80840-2315, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>99 -- Smart Cell Tech
<SOLNBR>FA7000-08-T-001A
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>12282007
<CONTACT>Ronnie Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, Phone 719-333-2965, Fax 719-333-9103, Email ronnie.wilkinson@usafa.af.mil
<DESC>his is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items or services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ), solicitation number FA7000-08-T-0010, in accordance with FAR Parts 12 & 13.  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-21 07 November 2007.  The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) number is 326299 and the business standard is 500 employees.  The proposed acquisition is reserved for 100% small businesses. 

This is a name brand or equal acquisition clause 52.211-6 applies. Vendors must supply installation and warranty on parts, labor, and travel; FOB Destination (as part of your bid):

Line      Description					Qty		unit  unit price	  total
Item

0001  	-Smart Cell Technology Pkg or equal		1		pkg
	Black rubber ramp    6? X 3.5?
Smart cells pad carpet squares 1? thick per square ft 936 pads
Carpet squares  1080 square ft Mohawk or Lee ? flexible vinyl backed
Installation


0002	-Smart Cell Technology Pkg or equal		1		pkg
	Black rubber ramp    12? X 3.5?
Smart cells pad carpet squares 1? thick per square ft 117 pads
Nora Rubber (Nora Plan Eco 1082)  200 sq ft  
Installation


0003	-Smart Cell Technology Pkg or equal		1		pkg
	Black rubber ramp    51? X 3.5?
Smart cells pad carpet squares 1? thick per square ft 1100 pads
Nora Rubber (Nora Plan Eco 1082)  1200 sq ft 
Installation

Installation requirements:
No major holidays, 4 weeks notice for scheduling of installation
	

Salient (required)  Characteristic:
Optimized Anti-fatigue Sub-Flooring Specification
(SmartCells Design or Equal)
1.	Smooth surface supported by unstable, buckling tubular structure 
2.	Elastic modulus 06.-0.9 MPa
3.	Durometer of 50 (shore A scale)
4.	Resilience of 23%
5.	Shock reduction of 39% (DIN)
6.	?Bottoming out? depth of 15 mm
7.	25 mm nominal thickness
8.	Instantaneous rebound of shock absorbing tubes in-phase with work activity
9.	Stress-compressibility curve with a negative slope (softens as compressed)
10.	Supports rolling loads (up to 100 pound point rolling load per wheel on an 8?x1.5? wheel or equivalent)
11.	Eight year manufacturer?s warranty
12.	Sealed surface to prevent fluid penetration into cushioning element 
13.	?Built-in?, optimized anti-fatigue design, eliminating need for additional surface mats
14.	Reconfigurable modular tiles
15.	Floating floor / loose-lay design, eliminating need to glue down 
Ability to cover with commercial floor coverings with releasable adhesive to enable changing of wear layer as needed (e.g. Nora Sheet Rubber, Carpet tile)

DOMESTIC, ENGLISH



Delivery is scheduled:  6-8 weeks after award

Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Items.  FAR 52.212-1 is supplemented per following addenda:  "Contractor shall submit their quote on company letterhead, provide solicitation number, the time specified in the solicitation for receipt of offers, name, address, and telephone number of the offeror, unit price, and  over all total price. 

A technical description (include information illustrating that your product meets our technical requirements), any discount terms, cage code, DUNS number, size of business, acknowledgement of solicitation Amendments, a completed copy of the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3, if online representations and certifications (ORCA - https://orca.bpn.gov/search/publicsearch.aspx  have not been completed, and DFARS 252.225-7000, Buy American Act-Balance of Payments Program Certificate.  

The provisions at 52-212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. Add to 52.212-2 Award Basis:  If the Government determines it is in its best interest, it will award a purchase order resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforms to the solicitation.  Award will be made to the lowest priced offer that is determined to be technically acceptable.   The clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items, with the following addenda ADDENDUM TO FAR 52.212-4(c) CHANGES   Text in paragraph (c) is deleted and replaced with the following:    Changes in terms and conditions of this contract may be made only by written agreement of the parties with the exception of certain changes such as administrative changes including changes in paying office, appropriation data, etc. authorized by the Federal Acquisition Regulation and its supplements that may be made unilaterally by the Contracting Officer (for a complete list of changes that may be made unilaterally, see FAR 43.103(b))     (End of Addendum), applies: 

other FAR Clauses that apply to this acquisition


52.219-1 Alt I	    Small Business Program Representations
52.219-6		    Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside                             52.222-3             Convict Labor (Jun 2003)
52.222-19		   Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan
                           2006) 
52.222-21		Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Feb 1999)
52.222-26		Equal Opportunity (Mar 2007)
52.222-36		Affirmative Action for Workers With Disabilities (Jun 1998)
52.222-50	Combating Trafficking in Persons (Aug 2007)                                           52.225-13	Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2006)                         52.232-33	Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer--Central Contractor 
                        Registration (Oct. 2003)                                                                                                                 52.233-3          Protest After Award (Aug 1996)
52.233-4		Applicable Law For Breach Of Contract Claim (Oct 2004)
52.252-2		Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998)
52.252-6		Authorized Deviations in Clauses (Apr 1984)
252.232-7003 	Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (Mar 2007)
252.225-7000	  American Act--Balance of Payments Program Certificate. 
                         (Apr 2003)
5352.242-9500 Contractor Access to Air Force Installation (May 2003)
Clauses Hereby Incorporated In Full Text:
	
52.219-28    POST-AWARD SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REREPRESENTATION (JUNE 2007)

(a) Definitions. As used in this clause--

Long-term contract means a contract of more than five years in duration, including options. However, the term does not include contracts that exceed five years in duration because the period of performance has been extended for a cumulative period not to exceed six months under the clause at 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, or other appropriate authority.

Small business concern means a concern, including its affiliates, that is independently owned and operated, not dominant in the field of operation in which it is bidding on Government contracts, and qualified as a small business under the criteria in 13 CFR part 121 and the size standard in paragraph (c) of this clause.

(b) If the Contractor represented that it was a small business concern prior to award of this contract, the Contractor shall rerepresent its size status according to paragraph (e) of this clause or, if applicable, paragraph (g) of this clause, upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(1) Within 30 days after execution of a novation agreement or within 30 days after modification of the contract to include this clause, if the novation agreement was executed prior to inclusion of this clause in the contract.

(2) Within 30 days after a merger or acquisition that does not require a novation or within 30 days after modification of the contract to include this clause, if the merger or acquisition occurred prior to inclusion of this clause in the contract.

(3) For long-term contracts--

(i) Within 60 to 120 days prior to the end of the fifth year of the contract; and

(ii) Within 60 to 120 days prior to the exercise date specified in the contract for any option thereafter.

(c) The Contractor shall rerepresent its size status in accordance with the size standard in effect at the time of this rerepresentation that corresponds to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this contract. The small business size standard corresponding to this NAICS code can be found at http://www.sba.gov/services/contractingopportunities/sizestandardstopics/.

(d) The small business size standard for a Contractor providing a product which it does not manufacture itself, for a contract other than a construction or service contract, is 500 employees.

(e) Except as provided in paragraph (g) of this clause, the Contractor shall make the rerepresentation required by paragraph (b) of this clause by validating or updating all its representations in the Online Representations and Certifications Application and its data in the Central Contractor Registration, as necessary, to ensure they reflect current status. The Contractor shall notify the contracting office by e-mail, or otherwise in writing, that the data have been validated or updated, and provide the date of the validation or update.

(f) If the Contractor represented that it was other than a small business concern prior to award of this contract, the Contractor may, but is not required to, take the actions required by paragraphs (e) or (g) of this clause.

(g) If the Contractor does not have representations and certifications in ORCA, or does not have a representation in ORCA for the NAICS code applicable to this contract, the Contractor is required to complete the following rerepresentation and submit it to the contracting office, along with the contract number and the date on which the rerepresentation was completed:

The Contractor represents that it (  X) is, (  ) is not a small business concern under NAICS Code 339114 - assigned to contract number      .

(Contractor to sign and date and insert authorized signer's name and title).

(End of clause)





5352.201-9101    	OMBUDSMAN (AUG 2005)
	(a) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from 	offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the 	ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, the ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the party to another official who can resolve the concern. 

	(b) Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMB Circular A-76 competition performance decisions).

	(c) If resolution cannot be made by the contracting officer, concerned parties may contact:	
            Tara Petersen
		8110 Industrial Drive, Ste 103
		USAFA  CO  80840
		719-333-2074
		719-333-9018 (Fax)
		email:  tara.petersen@usafa.af.mil
 	Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot be resolved at the MAJCOM/DRU level, may be brought by the concerned party for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary (ADAS) (Contracting), 	
	SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington DC 20330-1060, phone number (703) 	588-7004, facsimile number (703) 588-1067.
	(d) The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. 

	(e) Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due date, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the Contracting Officer. 
						(End of clause)

 This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available.  Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/.  


The clause at 52.212-5 (Dev), Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition.  Additional FAR clauses cited in the clause applicable to this acquisition are:  DFARS 252.212-7001 (Dev), Contract terms and conditions required to implement status of Executive Orders applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition with the inclusion of the following:  DFARS 252.225-7001 Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program.  Offers must be received NLT 10 AM Mountain Standard Time 13 December 2007, at 10th ABW/LGCB, Operational Contracting Office, 8110 Industrial Drive, Suite 200, USAF Academy, CO 80840-2315.  Offers received after this date and time will be considered late in accordance with 52.212-1(f) and will not be evaluated.  

Quotes may be faxed to the attention of Ronnie Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, 719-333-9103 or email to ronnie.wilkinson@usafa.af.mil 
Please contact Ronnie Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, 719-333-2965 or email to ronnie.wilkinson@usafa.af.mil regarding questions to this request for quote.  Alternate contact is Leslie Ryan, Contracting Officer, 719-333-3961 or email to leslie.ryan@usafa.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/DRU/10ABWLGC/FA7000-08-T-001A/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>80840
<POPADDRESS>8110 Industrial Dr Ste 200
USAFA CA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>ASC - Aeronautical Systems Center
<ZIP>45433-7218
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>334119
<OFFADD>ASC/PKWIE BLDG 16, ROOM 128 WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OH
<SUBJECT>70--SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE
<SOLNBR>FA8604-08-R-7007
<ARCHDATE>12282007
<CONTACT>Darlene Patrick, (937) 656-7477
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation  12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation.  Proposals are being  requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This  solicitation and incorporated clauses/provisions are those in effect  through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-21 and Defense Federal  Acquisition Regulation Supplement DCN 20071108.  This solicitation  incorporates by reference the following FAR and DFAR clauses: 52.212-1,  52.212-3, 52.212-04, 52.212-05, 252.211-7003, 252-212-7001 and  252.232-7010.  Please see the attached document for Line Item Description. Wright-Patterson intends to award to Nuance Communications, One Wayside  Road, Burlington, MA  01803. Period of Performance is:  1 year After Receipt of Order (ARO).  FOB  Destination.  The Ship to Address is:  88 MDSS/SGSI, 4881 Sugar Maple  Drive, Wright-Patterson AFB, OH 45433. Proposals shall be received at ASC/PKWIE Attn:  Darlene Patrick, 2275 D  Street, Bldg 16,  Room 128, Area B, Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433-5309, or  by e-mail to darlene.patrick@wpafb.af.mil by 9:00 a.m. EST on 7 Dec 07. ***Note:  The vendor must be registered in (CCR) Contract Registration: 		http://www.ccr.gov For more information on "SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE", please refer to:  https://www.pixs.wpafb.af.mil/pixs_solicitation.asp?id=5486
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/ASC/FA8604-08-R-7007/listing.html
<DESC>SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>darlene.patrick@wpafb.af.mil;
<DESC>darlene.patrick@wpafb.af.mil;
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL -  Rome Research Site
<ZIP>13441-4514
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>334111
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFRL -  Rome Research Site, AFRL/Information Directorate 26 Electronic Parkway, Rome, NY, 13441-4514, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>70 -- Motherboard Module Kit
<SOLNBR>FA8751-08-Q-0080
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01032008
<CONTACT>Richard Childres, Contract Specialist, Phone 315-330-4194, Fax 315-330-2555, Email Richard.Childres@rl.af.mil
<DESC>This is a solicitation for commercial items to be acquired under FAR 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Offerors are responsible for monitoring this site for the release of any amendments or other pertinent information. Solicitation FA8751-08-Q-0080 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-21 and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement Change Notice (DCN) 20071108. See http://farsite.hill.af.mil/ for the full text of all provisions and clauses incorporated by reference herein. This procurement is being issued as a total small business set aside under NAICS code 334111 and small business size standard of 1000 employees.

The offeror shall provide the following items on a firm fixed price basis:

Item 1: Motherboard module kit
Qty: 2
Description:  Artesyn/Heurikon motherboard kit, V4F-8MB W/ CM/SE module
SBC, 68040 33MHz, 8Mb, corebus module with mini-jump connector and set-up service

Offerors shall provide at least the same warranty terms, including extended warranties, offered to the general public in customary commercial practice.

The estimated delivery date is 30 days after award. The place of delivery, acceptance, and FOB destination point is Air Force Research Lab, Rome NY, 13441.

The following provisions and clauses apply to this acquisition:

52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items with the following paragraph addenda:

(b) Written quotes are due by 3 PM Wednesday 19 December 2007. Submit to: AFRL/RIKO, Attn: Richard Childres, by email at richard.childres@rl.af.mil, by fax to 315-330-7513, or by mail to 26 Electronic Parkway, Rome NY 13441-4514.

(b)(4) Submit a technical description of the items being offered. 

(k) Central Contractor Registration. Offerors must be registered in the CCR database to receive a contract award. If the offeror does not become registered in the CCR database within five (5) days after receiving notification from the Contracting Officer, the Contracting Officer will proceed to award to the next otherwise successful registered offeror.

52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Items. The Government intends to award a firm fixed price contract as a result of this RFQ to the responsible offeror whose quote is the most advantageous based on price and technical capability. Both factors are of equal importance.
           
52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items and ALT I must be completed electronically on the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) website at http://orca.bpn.gov. Offerors are required to submit paragraph (k) of this provision with their quote. 

52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items.       

52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders-Commercial Items. The following additional FAR clauses cited within the clause also apply:

52.219-6 Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set Aside (Alternate I)

52.222-3 Convict Labor 

52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies

52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities

52.222-26 Equal Opportunity

52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities

52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases

52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Central Contractor Registration

52.233-3 Protest After Award

52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim

252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items. The following additional DFARS clauses cited within the clause also apply:

252.225-7001 Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program

252.227-7015 Technical Data Commercial Items

252.227-7037 Validation of Restrictive Markings on Technical Data

252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests

252.247-7023 (Alt III) Transportation of Supplies by Sea Alternate III

252.247-7024 Notification of Transportation of Supplies by Sea

The following FAR, DFARS, and AFFARS clauses and provisions also apply:

52.204-7 Central Contractor Registration

52.247-34 FOB Destination

52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference, with the following internet addresses filled-in: http://www.arnet.gov/far or http://farsite.hill.af.mil

252.204-7004 (Alt A) Required Central Contractor Registration Alternate A

252.211-7003 Item Identification and Valuation

252.225-7000 Buy American Act-Balance of Payments Program Certificate

252.225-7002 Qualifying Countries as Subcontractors

252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments

5352.201-9001 Ombudsman with the following filled in: Susan Hunter, Building 15, Room 225, 1864 4th Street, Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433-7130 FAX: 937-255-5036 COM: 937-255-7754.

Note that the clause at 252.232-7003 is included in this solicitation. DoD requires payment requests to be submitted and processed electronically. Offerors must familiarize themselves with this clause and specific procedures. The DoD preferred electronic form for transmission is Wide Area Workflow-Receipt and Acceptance (https://wawf.eb.mil). Wide Area Workflow Training may be accessed online at http://www.wawftraining.com.

Point of Contact

Richard Childres, Purchasing Agent, Phone 315-330-4194, Fax 315-330-7513, Email richard.childres@rl.af.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRLRRS/FA8751-08-Q-0080/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>13441
<POPADDRESS>AFRL Rome NY
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1026
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>Office of the Secretary of Defense
<LOCATION>Defense Microelectronics Activity
<ZIP>95652-1521
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>518210
<OFFADD>Other Defense Agencies, Office of the Secretary of Defense, Defense Microelectronics Activity, Contracting Division 4234 54th Street, Building 620, McCellan, CA, 95652-1521, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>70 -- Software Upgrades and Support
<SOLNBR>H94003-08-R-0002
<RESPDATE>111907
<CONTACT>Judy Hilton, Contracting Officer, Phone (916) 231-1526, Email hilton@dmea.osd.mil - Linda Baustian, Contracting Officer, Phone 916-231-1658, Fax 916-231-2816, Email baustian@dmea.osd.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items as prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes a solicitation.  The NAICS code is 511210 and the size standard for this requirement is $23M.  Solicitation H94003-08-R-0002 is sole source to Cadence Design Systems of San Jose, CA.  This requirement is a follow on requirement for software license upgrades, software support and maintenance.  The contractor shall deliver the software upgrades identified in Appendix A that are required to enhance the existing equipment.  The support is required to be available from 0800 and 1600 PST, excluding weekends and holidays.  The contractor shall perform corrective actions within 48 hours after submission of a trouble report and shall provide vendor approved field support to correct actions on reported failures outside the scope or expertise of the DMEA system manager.  The contractor shall deliver all pertinent documentation required to implement and use the upgraded software.  Documentation shall be provided in printed form.  Second or backup copies shall be provided on 4mm tape or CD.  The Cadence Product Numbers for software maintenance included in this requirement are:  300, 32120, 32500 32520 34500 34510 71520, 72140, 900, 21400 and 3000.  See Note 22.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/ODA/OSD/McCellanCA/H94003-08-R-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>95652-2100
<POPADDRESS>4234 54th Street
McClellan, CA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer (fp). USCG Integrated Support Command St. Louis
<ZIP>63103-2838
<CLASSCOD>55
<NAICS>321219
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer (fp). USCG Integrated Support Command St. Louis, 1222 Spruce Street 2nd Floor - Room 2102.b, St. Louis, MO, 63103-2838, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>55 -- Lumber
<SOLNBR>HSCG25-07-Q-3L3E22
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Anita Vincent, Purchasing Agent, Phone 314-269-2320, Fax 314-269-2746, Email anita.a.vincent@uscg.mil - Cindy Hatscher,  Purchasing Agent, Phone 314--269-2369, Fax 314-269-2746, Email Cindy.D.Hatscher@uscg.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/soliciation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 2.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  The Request for Quotation number is HSCG25-07-Q-3L3E22 and incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acq. Circular 2005-15.  This acquisition is set aside for small business un NAICS Code 321219.  The Government proposes to solicit quotes for the following items:  Provide Item 1, 1/2 inch x 4ft MDO ext fir plywood, 1 side, approx. 1247 pieces and item 2, 1 inch x 4 inch x 12ft number 2 full thick 1 inch yellow pine.  Proposals should include freight to ISC St. Louis, Industrial Division, Foot of Arsenal St., St. Louis, MO  63118.  The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition:  FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors, Commercial Items, FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Items, all offerors are to include with their quote a completed copy of FAR 52.212-3.  Clauses are available upon request from the contracting Officer or at http://www.arnet.gov/far/97=03/html/52_000.html.  FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or EO Commercial Items.  Clauses cited in FAR 52.212-5 are applicable to this acquisition.  Offers are due NLT 14 Dec 2007 and should be mailed to Commanding Officer, ISC ST. Louis, (fp) 1222 Spruce St., St. Louis, MO  63103, by e-mail to Anita.A.Vincent@uscg.mil or Cindy.D.Hatscher@uscg.mil or faxed to phone number 314-269-2746.  Offers must provide as a minimum:  (1) solicitation number (2) name and address, point of contact and telephone number of the offeror; (3) price and discount terms; (4) a complete copy of representations and certifications.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/COUSCGISCSL/HSCG25-07-Q-3L3E22/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>63118
<POPADDRESS>Commanding Officer, USCG, ISC St. Louis, Industrial Division, Foot of Arsenal St., St. Louis, MO
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>Federal Emergency Management Agency
<LOCATION>Transition Recovery Office - LA
<ZIP>70802
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>562111
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Transition Recovery Office - LA, 415 N. 15th Street, Baton Rouge, LA, 70802, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>99 -- DUMPSTER SERVICES/SOLID WASTE REMOVAL
<SOLNBR>HSFELA-07-R-0045
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01012008
<CONTACT>Glenda Perez, Contract Specialist, Phone 225-346-4187, Fax 225-267-2930, Email Glenda.Perez@dhs.gov - Glenda Perez, Contract Specialist, Phone 225-346-4187, Fax 225-267-2930, Email Glenda.Perez@dhs.gov
<DESC>DESCRIPTION:
 
COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION
 

The Federal Emergency Management Agency, Acquisitions, Gulf Coast Recovery Office intends to make a firm fixed price award for solid waste removal service in the Baton Rouge, LA area. No written solicitation will be issued. The successful contractor will provide trash removal services to include providing the dumpsters, pick-up and haul and disposal of trash (solid waste) produced by FEMA.  The contractor will furnish, install and maintain various dumpsters as listed in this announcement.  The unit price will include rental, installation, maintenance, handling, disposal , transfer fees, dumping fees and transportation fees. Award will be made to the firm whose quote is most advantageous to the Government based on price. The government intends to award one contract as deemed the most advantageous.  The period of performance will be for one twelve (12) month period with one optional period.

DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENTS (STATEMENT OF WORK)  

DUMPSTERS    LOCATIONS

LOCATION:    LOTTE, LA

ITEM 0001  THREE (3)  INDUSTRIAL DUMPSTERS   


(2 EA)(30 YARD) (TO BE EMPTIED ONCE  WEEKLY)    2 EA  $________ $______    

(1 EA) (30 YARD)  TO BE EMPTIED ON CALL  EA  1 $______  $  ______


ITEM 0001A  DELIVERY CHARGE FOR ITEM 0001- 3 EA ________$_______  

LOCATION:   1500 N. MAIN STREET
            BATON ROUGE, LA

ITEM 0002   TWO (2) INDUSTRIAL DUMPSTERS   2EA    $________  $__________
(30 YARD) ( TO BE EMPTIED ONCE WEEKLY)

ITEM 0002A  DELIVERY CHARGE FOR    2 EA    $________  $__________
ITEM 0002

LOCATION:  2695 N. SHERWOOD FOREST
           STAGING AREA
           BATON ROUGE, LA

ITEM 0003    TWO (2) INDUSTRIAL DUMPSTERS
(30 YARD) (TO BE EMPTIED ONCE WEEKLY)  2 EA  $________$__________ 
(52 WEEKS X 2 = 104)

ITEM 0003A  ONE (1) INDUSTRIAL DUMPSTER  1 EA $_______$__________
TO BE EMPTIED ON CALL  
                                          
ITEM 0003B   DELIVERY CHARGE FOR ITEM 0003    3EA_________ $__________ 

LOCATION:  3525  PERKINS ROAD
           BATON ROUGE, LA  

ITEM  0004  ONE (1) INDUSTRIAL DUMPSTER       1  EA  $________$__________
(30 YARD) (TO BE EMPTIED TWO (2) TIMES A 
MONTH 

ITEM 0004A   DELIVERY CHARGE FOR ITEM 0004   1EA $______  $__________



LOCATION:  5981 HWY 75
           CARVILLE, LA  


ITEM 0005  ONE (1) INDUSTRIAL DUMPSTER  1 EA  $__________$_______
(30 YARD) TO BE EMPTIED EVERY WEEK 

ITEM 0005A DELIVERY CHARGE FOR ITEM 0005  1 EA $_________$________

ITEM 0006   SERVICE CHARGE FOR DISPOSAL  12 MO $_______$________
OF ALL ITEMS, REFRIDGERATORS, LARGE
METAL, MICROWAVES, METAL PIECES, ETC. PIECES, ETC.                                                                 


PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE
ONE YEAR FROM DATE OF AWARD WITH 1 OPTION PERIOD

QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS
ANY QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS MUST BE IN WRITTEN FROM ADDRESSED TO GLENDA PEREZ NO LATER THAN WEDNESDAY DEC 12, 2007. TRANSMITTAL OF QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS MUST BE MADE BY FAX TO 225-379-4027, EMAIL TO  GLENDA.PEREZ@DHS.GOV

CLOSING DATE
MONDAY: DECEMBER 17, 2007 @3 PM. CST

Each quote shall be signed by offeror. Responding offerors must provide their company name, contact with telephone number. Award may be made with out further discussions. Transmittal of  the quotes must be submitted by email to:  Glenda.Perez@dhs.gov, or faxed to 225-379-4027. Oral responses will not be accepted. We anticipate awarding one firm fixed price contract for this project. 

Terms and Notices:
This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, in conjunction with FAR 13.5, and as supplemented with additional information included in this office. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is HSFELA-07-R-0045 and is issued as a Request for Quote(RFQ). Prospective contractors must be registered in accordance with FAR 52.204-7 Central Contractor Registration (CCR) (July 2006) before an award can be made to them. The company must have an active registration on Online Representations and Certifications Applications (ORCA) in order to be eligible for award. Registration requires applicants to have a DUNS number from Dun and Bradstreet. If company is not registered in CCR, they may do so by going to CCR web site at http://www.ccr.gov. Effective 01 Jan 2005, the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) requires the use of Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) in Federal  Solicitations as part of the proposal submission process.  All prospective contractors submitting an offer in response to this subject solicitation must go to http://www.bpn.gov/toadd/update its ORCA record. This procurement is issued 100% small business set aside and set aside for small businesses residing or primarily doing business in the State of Louisiana. FAR clauses 52.226-3 Disaster of Emergency Area Representation (Aug 2006). Your offer will not be considered if you are not able to establish compliance with these provisions or not able to clearly and convincingly establish that  your firm resides or primarily does business in the State of Louisiana.
WAGE DETERMINATION
SERVICE CONTRACT ACT WAGE DETERMINATIONS: Can be found at: http://www.wdol.gov/sca/aspx#8 Wage Determination No. WD -05-2231 (Rev-4) and WD-05-2232 (Rev-05) apply.
 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERS 
The provision at FAR 52.212-1?Instructions to Offerors (Jan 2005)- Commercial Items apply to this acquisition.
THE FOLLOWING CLAUSES ARE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FAR 52.252-2 FEB. 1998). The following FAR clauses in paragraph (b) of FAR clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders  Commercial Items, will apply: 52.219-6, 52.219-14, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26,52.222-35,52.222-36,52.222-37,52,222-4. 52.217-8. The full text of a FAR clause 
May be accessed electronically at http://acquisition.gov/far/index.html. The selected offeror must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions. The selected Offeror must submit a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and conditions ?Commercial Items applies to this acquisition.
This solicitation is set aside geographically for Louisiana Vendors only, in accordance with the Robert T. Stafford Act, PL 106-390 as amended Jun 2006.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/FEMA/DR-1603/HSFELA-07-R-0045/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>70802
<POPADDRESS>DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY/FEMA, TRANSITION RECOVERY OFFICE, LA, 415 N. 15RH STREET, BATON ROUGE, LA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Bureau of Medicine and Surgery
<LOCATION>NNMC Bethesda
<ZIP>20889-5600
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>334516
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, NNMC Bethesda, Bldg 54 8901 Wisconsin Avenue, Bethesda, MD, 20889-5600, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>65 -- TAQMAN ARRAY
<SOLNBR>N00168-08-T-H007
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12292007
<CONTACT>Delterine Mickey, Senior Purchasing Agent/KO, Phone 301-295-1058, Fax 301-295-0286, Email Delterine.Mickey@.med.navy.mil
<DESC>The National Naval Medical Center (NNMC), Acquisition Management Department, Bethesda Maryland, on behalf of the Regenerateive Medicine Dept ? Naval Medical Research Center Silver Spring, intends to award a a sole source procurement  to Applied Biosystems for TAQMAN ARRAY.  The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under authority of  FAR 6.302.   Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  Award will be made under Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP) .
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/BUMED/N00168/N00168-08-T-H007/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>20910
<POPADDRESS>NAVAL MEDICAL RESERACH CENTER
REGENERATIVE MEDICINE DEPARTMENT
503 ROBERT GRANT AVENUE
SILVER SPRING, MD
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<ZIP>23451
<CLASSCOD>20
<NAICS>333613
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Military Sealift Command, MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2, BUILDING 238-2 CAMP PENDLETON, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA, 23451, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>20 -- PURCHASE BRAND NAME FAIRBANKS AND MORSE PARTS
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-5053
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12252007
<CONTACT>Patricia Madison, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-417-4576, Email patricia.a.madison@navy.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format prescribed in Subpart 12.6 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  The solicitation number is N40442-08-T-5053, and is being issued as a request for quotation (RFQ).  The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-20.  NAICS 333613 applies.  The Small Business Competitiveness Demonstration Program is not applicable.  This is a small business set aside. 

Military Sealift Fleet Support Command (MSFSC), Virginia Beach, VA intends to award a firm fixed price purchase order for the following Fairbanks Morse Brand NameParts; 

1.P/N K06.56409, Seal Ring, 1 ea; 2. P/N F06.56539-0076, Set of Gaskets, 1 ea; 3. P/N F06.56539-0072, Set of Gaskets, 1ea; 4. P/N E11.99411-0391, Resistance Thermomet, 8 ea; 5.  P/N X11.99411-0060, Resistance Thermomet, 1 ea; 6.  P/N K06.56190-0739, Seal Ring, 68 ea; 7.  P/N M12700276, Hose, Flex, Pilot, 1 ea;  8. P/N F11.20094-0215, Baffle Screw Tabulat, 68 ea;  9. P/N M12700210, Thermometer, Resista, 2 ea; 10. P/N K06.56504-0155, Seal Ring, 2 ea;  11. P/N K06.91560-0511, Indicator Valve, 3 ea; 12. P/N K06.01013-1318, Hexagon Blot M12X75, 20 ea;  13. P/N F11.44786-1825, Bracket, 4 ea;  14.  P/N K06.01013-1320, Hexagon Bolt M12 x 75, 20 ea;  15. P/N K06.01013-1230, Hexagon Bolt M10 x 150, 16 ea; 16. P/N K11.99107-0253, Relay, Ground Fault, 2 ea.

52.204-7 Central Contractor Registration; 
52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items;  
52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items Alternate I.  The offeror has completed the annual representations and certification electronically via the ORCA website at http://orca.bpn.gov .  After reviewing the ORCA database information, the offeror verifies by submission of this offer that the representation and certifications currently posted electronically at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and certifications?Commercial Items, have been entered or updated in the last 12 months, are current, accurate, complete, and applicable to this solicitation (including the business size standard applicable to the NAICS code referenced for this solicitation), as of the date of this offer and are incorporated in this offer by reference); 

52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items; 
Addendum to 52.212-4 (q) Other Compliances applies:  Federal Law and regulation require Government contractors to possess appropriate insurance coverage for their employees.  The Government reserves the right to request evidence of appropriate insurance, including Longshoreman's and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act (LHWCA) coverage required to perform work on or near ships.  (33 U.S.C. S903(a)).  All policies shall contain an endorsement stating that any cancellation or material change in the coverage adversely affecting the Government's interest shall not be effective unless the Contractor provides written notice of the same to the Contracting Officer.

Within 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders the following clauses apply and are incorporated by reference: 
52.222-3 Convict Labor, 
52.222-19 Child Labor - Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies, 
52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities, 
52.222-26 Equal Opportunity, 
52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era and other Eligible Veterans, 
52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities, 
52.222-37 Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era and Other Eligible Veterans, 
52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases, and 
52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer --Central Contractor Registration; and 

52.215-5 Facsimile Proposals (757) 417-4606.  
52.219-28 Post-Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation;

The following Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation and are incorporated by reference:

252.204-7004 Required Central Contractor Registration. Alternate A; 
252.211-7003 or 252.211-7003 Alternate I Item Identification and Valuation;

Within DFARS 252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items the following clauses apply and are incorporated by reference:
252.225-7001 Buy American Act and Balance of Payment Program, 
252.225-7000 Buy American Act--Balance of Payments Program Certificate, 
252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests; and 
252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea Alternate III.

The following numbered notes apply to this requirement: None.

At a minimum, responsible sources shall provide the following: a price proposal which identifies the requested item, with its unit price, extended price, total price, prompt payment terms, remittance address, Tax I.D. #, Duns #, and Cage Code. Responses to this solicitation are due by 07 Decemberr 2007 11:00 A.M.  Offers can be emailed to patricia.a.madison@navy.mil or faxed 757-417-4606 Attn: Patricia Madison. Reference the solicitation number N40442-08-T-5053 on your quote.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/MSC/MSFSCVIRGINIABEACH2382/N40442-08-T-5053/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>92123
<POPADDRESS>MSC BATS WAREHOUSE
9284 BALBOA AVENUE
SAN DIEGO, CA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<ZIP>23451
<CLASSCOD>20
<NAICS>336611
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Military Sealift Command, MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2, BUILDING 238-2 CAMP PENDLETON, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA, 23451, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>20 -- PROPELLER ASSEMBLY, CRANK DISC 3P PORT HUB, MODEL E85/4
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-5095
<RESPDATE>120607
<ARCHDATE>12182007
<CONTACT>SHEILA BULLOCK, PURCHASING AGENT, Phone 757-417-4597, Fax 757-417-4606, Email shelia.bullock@NAVY.MIL
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation prepared in accordance with the format prescribed in Subpart 12.6 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  The solicitation number is N40442-08-T-5095, and it is being issued as a request for quotation (RFQ).  The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-22.   NAICS 488390 applies.   The Small Business Competitiveness Demonstration Program is not applicable.  
Military Sealift Fleet Support Command (MSFSC), Virginia Beach, VA intends to award an order for Propeller assembly for the USNS APACHE for the following:
CLINS 0001:    Propeller Assembly, model E85/4 R.H., with crank disc 3P, port hub, part #19195C;
The following FAR provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation and are incorporated by reference: 
52.204-7 Central Contractor Registration; 
52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items;  
52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items Alternate I.  The offeror has completed the annual representations and certification electronically via the ORCA website at http://orca.bpn.gov .  After reviewing the ORCA database information, the offeror verifies by submission of this offer that the representation and certifications currently posted electronically at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and certifications,Commercial Items, have been entered or updated in the last 12 months, are current, accurate, complete, and applicable to this solicitation (including the business size standard applicable to the NAICS code referenced for this solicitation), as of the date of this offer and are incorporated in this offer by reference); 

52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items; 
Addendum to 52.212-4 (q) Other Compliances applies:  Federal Law and regulation require Government contractors to possess appropriate insurance coverage for their employees.  The Government reserves the right to request evidence of appropriate insurance, including Longshoreman's and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act (LHWCA) coverage required to perform work on or near ships.  (33 U.S.C. S903(a)).  All policies shall contain an endorsement stating that any cancellation or material change in the coverage adversely affecting the Government's interest shall not be effective unless the Contractor provides written notice of the same to the Contracting Officer.

Within 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders the following clauses apply and are incorporated by reference: 
52.222-3 Convict Labor, 
52.222-19 Child Labor - Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies, 
52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities, 
52.222-26 Equal Opportunity, 
52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era and other Eligible Veterans, 
52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities, 
52.222-37 Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era and Other Eligible Veterans, 
52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases, and 
52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer --Central Contractor Registration; and 

52.215-5 Facsimile Proposals (757) 417-4606.  
52.219-28 Post-Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation;

The following Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation and are incorporated by reference:

252.204-7004 Required Central Contractor Registration. Alternate A; 
252.211-7003 or 252.211-7003 Alternate I Item Identification and Valuation;

Within DFARS 252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items the following clauses apply and are incorporated by reference:
252.225-7001 Buy American Act and Balance of Payment Program, 
252.225-7000 Buy American Act--Balance of Payments Program Certificate, 
252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests; and 
252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea Alternate III.

The following numbered notes apply to this requirement: None.
At a minimum, responsible sources shall provide the following: a price proposal which identifies the requested item, with its unit price, extended price, total price, prompt payment terms, remittance address, Tax I.D. #, Duns #, and Cage Code.
This requirement is due on or before January 15, 2008.  Responses to this solicitation are due by 06 December 2007 10:00 A.M.  Offers can be emailed to shelia.bullock@navy.mil or faxed to 757-417-4606 Attn: 
 Shelia W. Bullock.
Reference the solicitation number N40442-08-T-5095 on your quote.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/MSC/MSFSCVIRGINIABEACH2382/N40442-08-T-5095/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>23523
<POPADDRESS>1499 S. MAIN ST.
NORFOLK, VA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Military Sealift Command
<LOCATION>MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2
<ZIP>23451
<CLASSCOD>20
<NAICS>221310
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Military Sealift Command, MSFSC VIRGINIA BEACH 238-2, BUILDING 238-2 CAMP PENDLETON, VIRGINIA BEACH, VA, 23451, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>20 -- DISTILLING PLANT PLATES
<SOLNBR>N40442-08-T-5105
<RESPDATE>120607
<ARCHDATE>12212007
<CONTACT>Cynthia  Clemons, Contract Specialist, Phone (757) 417-4547, Fax (757) 417-4606, Email cynthia.clemons@navy.mil - Cynthia  Clemons, Contract Specialist, Phone (757) 417-4547, Fax (757) 417-4606, Email cynthia.clemons@navy.mil
<DESC>The Government intends to award a sole source purchase order to AQUA-CHEM,INC., 3001 E. John Sevier Hwy., Knoxville, TN 37914-6424 for Distilling plant plates under the authority of FAR6.302.  This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format prescribed in Subpart 12.6 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  The solicitation number is N40442-08-T-5105 and it is being issued as a request for quotation (RFQ).  The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-20.  NAICS 423830 applies.  

Military Sealift Fleet Support Command (MSFSC), Virginia Beach, VA intends to award a firm fixed price purchase order for the following:

PLATE MOD KIT, PN 626-08491-000 06
PLATE GASKET, SPD35 PN 853-10056-000
 

Delivery to SAN DIEGO, CA 92123

52.252-2      CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) 

This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es):

 http://www.arnet.gov/far/
  http://www.acq.osd.mil/dp/dars/dfars/dfars.html    

52.204-7 Central Contractor Registration; 
52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items;  
52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items Alternate I.  The offeror has completed the annual representations and certification electronically via the ORCA website at http://orca.bpn.gov .  After reviewing the ORCA database information, the offeror verifies by submission of this offer that the representation and certifications currently posted electronically at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and certifications?Commercial Items, have been entered or updated in the last 12 months, are current, accurate, complete, and applicable to this solicitation (including the business size standard applicable to the NAICS code referenced for this solicitation), as of the date of this offer and are incorporated in this offer by reference); 

52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items; 

Within 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders the following clauses apply and are incorporated by reference: 
52.222-3 Convict Labor, 
52.222-19 Child Labor - Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies, 
52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities, 
52.222-26 Equal Opportunity, 
52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era and other Eligible Veterans, 
52.222-39 Notification of Employee Rights Concerning Payment of Union Dues or Fees
52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities, 
52.222-37 Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era and Other Eligible Veterans, 
52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases, and 
52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer --Central Contractor Registration; and 
52.215-5 Facsimile Proposals (757) 417-4606.  

The following Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation and are incorporated by reference:

252.204-7004 Required Central Contractor Registration. Alternate A; 
252.209-7001 Disclosure of Ownership
252.209-7004 Subcontracting w/ Firms
Within DFARS 252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items the following clauses apply and are incorporated by reference:
252.225-7001 Buy American Act and Balance of Payment Program, 
252.225-7000 Buy American Act--Balance of Payments Program Certificate, 
252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests; and 
525.243-7002 REAs

252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea Alternate III.

Addendum to 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS  -- COMMERCIAL ITEMS

(q) Other Compliances required: Federal Law and regulation require Government contractors to possess appropriate insurance coverage for their employees. The Government reserves the right to request evidence of appropriate insurance, including Longshoreman's and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act (LHWCA) coverage required to perform work on or near ships. (33 U.S.C. S903(a)).

At a minimum, responsible sources shall provide the following: a price proposal which identifies the requested item, with its unit price, extended price, total price (shipping charges incorporated in total price), prompt payment terms, remittance address, Tax I.D. #, Duns #, and Cage Code. Responses to this solicitation are due by 6 December, 11:00 A.M. EST.  Offers can be emailed to  Cynthia.clemons@navy.mil or faxed to 757-417-4606 Attn: Cynthia Clemons. Reference RFQ #: N40442-08-T-5105 in your quote.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/MSC/MSFSCVIRGINIABEACH2382/N40442-08-T-5105/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>92123
<POPADDRESS>SAN DIEGO, CA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division
<ZIP>32826-3224
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541712
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Air Systems Command, Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division, 12350 Research Parkway Code 253, Orlando, FL, 32826-3224, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>A -- Research and Development for The Defense Modeling and Simulation Coordination Office (M&SCO)
<SOLNBR>N61339-08-R-0013
<RESPDATE>120412
<CONTACT>Beverly Gordon, Contracts Specialist, Phone 407-380-4041, Fax 407-380-4164, Email Beverly.Gordon@navy.mil - Cindy Wood, Contract Specialist, Phone 407-380-4473, Email Cindy.Wood@us.army.mil
<DESC>The Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division (also known as NAWCTSD) issues this Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) under the provisions of paragraphs 35.016 and 6.102(d)(2) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), which provides for the competitive selection of research proposals.  Contract(s) based on responses to this BAA are in full compliance with the provisions of PL 98-369, The Competition in Contracting Act of 1984.  NAWCTSD contracts with educational institutions, nonprofit organizations, and private industry for research and development (R&D) in those areas covered in Section 2.0 of this BAA.  This BAA is intended to cover R&D in the area of modeling and simulation (M&S) research pertinent to the Department of Defense Modeling and Simulation Coordination Office (M&SCO).
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVAIR/N61339/N61339-08-R-0013/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>32826-3275
<POPADDRESS>Orlando, FL
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command
<LOCATION>SPAWAR Systems Center Charleston
<ZIP>29419-9022
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>334290
<OFFADD>P.O. Box 190022, North Charleston SC 29419-9022
<SUBJECT>58 -- HDX-C Switch & Spares Package
<SOLNBR>N65236-08-R-0020
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Point of Contact - JANET MALDONADO, Contract Specialist,  843-218-5528; Joanne Banks, Contracting Officer, 843-218-5953
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  Solicitation number N65236-08-R-0020 is issued as a request for proposal (RFP). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-20.  This acquisition is being provided under  full and open competition on an unrestricted basis.  The applicable NAICS Code is 334290 and the size standard is 750 employees.  This solicitation is for the purchase of the following line items: CLIN 0001 - 4 each  Switch, HDX-C. Requirements shall consist of the following: 1. Shall be based on and supported by Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN) technology. 2. Shall be modular in implementation and capable of supporting the subscriber and a minimum of twenty four (24) POTS and 124 ISDN (2B+D) subscriber interfaces. 3. Shall provide growth of 10 percent (not inclusive of configuration card interfaces). 4. Shall have a minimum of 2000 user assignable matrix addresses allocated to no more than four (4) separate modular switching units. 5. Shall be capable of being partitioned into a minimum of two distinct circuit switch units. 6. Shall provide a call management, media gateway, media gateway control and legacy support functionality in a single card. 7. Will be certified as jointly interoperable (JITC certification) in accordance with GSCR. 8. Shall not preclude the transition into wireless voice technology. 9. Shall provide for the following standard interfaces (line cards): o One hundred sixty (160) 2-wire type 2500 phones (Threshold), 192 (Objective). o Twelve (12) 2-wire ground-start and loop-start trunks. o Sixteen (16) 4-wire conditioned Diphase (CDI) Interfaces. o Sixteen (16) threshold and forty (40) objective Basic Rate-S Interfaces (configurable by card selection). o Eight (8) Basic Rate-U Interface. o Four (4) SF trunks (Type 34 and Type 36). o Four (4) Half-Duplex Radio Wireline Interface (RWI). 10. Shall provide for the following configuration interfaces (configuration cards): o Sixteen (16) 2-wire type 2500 phones. o Six each E&M Type 1 and Type 2 (both 2-wire and 4-wire audio). o Four (4) SF trunks (Type 34 and Type 36). o Sixteen (16) Basic Rate-S Interface (configurable by card selection). 11. Shall provide forty-eight (48) trunks which are user configurable via hardware or software to support T1 and ISDN PRI with MLPP per ANSI T1.619a- 1994 standard. 12. Shall provide the following station features: o Call Forward. o Call Hold, Park and Pick UP\p. o Non Secured conferencing allowed at a minimum of two (2) simultaneous five-party conferences.  Conference calls can be progressive on a dial-in basis or preprogrammed. o Abbreviated dialing. o Compressed or speed dialing. o Hot Line.  It shall be possible for instruments to place calls by simply going off-hook. o Station Hunting.  Hunt groups can be defined, each with a minimum of 5 members. o Precedence and Preemption.  The commercial CS shall be capable of tan Deming multilevel precedence and preemption (MLPP) signaling between tactical circuit switches that it interconnects or traverses. 13. Shall incorporate two call service positions (CSP) that enables the operator to talk and listen to both parties requiring service.  The CSP shall have graphical user interface (GUI) software. 14. Shall include a software GUI based administrative function that enables an operator to assign time slots for subscribers and trunks, assign subscribers to groups, and control conferencing.  The administrative function shall: o Permit establishing dial codes, establishing class of service for subscribers, groups and trunks, setting trunk-group priorities, setting subscriber interface characteristics (for ISDN BRI digital only), assigning members to trunks, defining trunk signaling protocols, and setting circuit switch internal timing and optional features. o Capable of being controlled, as a minimum, by serial interface. o Provide, at a minimum, four (4) serial interfaces if the switching function is segmented into two or more switches. o Provide two (2) Ethernet interfaces that are terminated at the internal switch. o Shall, at a minimum, have one serial control port interface accessible by the Administrative PC via the CPP for each controllable switch module/shelf. 15. Shall operate from the same software and maintain a common hardware configuration. 16. Shelf dimensions shall not exceed 9" x 19" x 17" (HxWxD). 17. Must be a Non-developmental item. CLIN 0002  - 4 each  Spares Package. Requirements shall provide for the following configuration interfaces (configuration cards): a. Sixteen (16) 2-wire type 2500 phones. b. Six each E&M Type 1 and Type 2 (both 2-wire and 4-wire audio). c. Four (4) SF trunks (Type 34 and Type 36). d. Sixteen (16) Basic Rate-S Interface (configurable by card selection). The required delivery date:  01 FEB 2008 CLINs 0001 & 0002 Ship to address: SPAWARSYSCEN Charleston 2921 AVE 'B' NORTH BLDG. 1639 NORTH CHARLESTON, SC 29418 M/F: JASON PIZARRO, Code 5.3.1.5.0JP TEL:  843-218-5756 Inspection/Acceptance:  Government/Destination Defense Priorities and Allocations Systems (DPAS) assigned rating for this procurement: Unrated The following provisions and clauses apply to this acquisition: - 52.203-3,  Gratuities - 52.203-6,  Restriction on Subcontractor Sales to the Government with its Alternate I - 52.212-1,  Instructions to Offerors - 52.212-2,  Evaluation Commercial Items - 52.212-3,  Offeror Representation and Certifications-Commercial Items (Offerors must include a completed copy with offer) - 52.212-4,  Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items - 52.212-5,  Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-                     Commercial Items - 52.219-9,  Small Business Subcontracting Plan - 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program Representative (JUNE 2007)  - 52.222-3,  Convict Labor - 52.222-19, Child LaborCooperation with Authorities and Remedies - 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities-52.222-26, Equal Opportunity - 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity - 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and                      Other Eligible Veterans - 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities - 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era,                      and Other Eligible Veterans - 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases - 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds TransferCentral Contractor Registration - 52.247-34, FOB Destination - 52.252-2,   Clauses Incorporated by Reference - 252.204-7004 Alt A, Central Contractor Registration - Alternate A - 252.204-7004, Required Central Contractor Registration - 252.209-7001, Disclosure of ownership or control by the government of a terrorist country - 252.212-7000, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items (Offerors must                            include a completed copy with offer) - 252.211-7003, Item Identification and Valuation - 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive                            Orders Applicable To Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items  - 252.225-7001, Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program - 252.225-7012, Preference for certain domestic commodities  - 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests - 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea (Alt. III) - 252.247-7024, Notification of transportation of supplies by sea The following local clauses are included: G-317, WAWF  Invoicing Instructions  (Fixed Price Contracts) (VAR 2) (a)  "Invoice" as used in this clause does not include contractor's requests for progress payments. (b) The contractor will electronically submit its invoices using the Wide Area Workflow (WAWF) web site located at https://wawf.eb.mil.  Please use the WAWF grid (see below) to assist you in entering mandatory data into WAWF. Information listed below in paragraph (c) should be submitted/uploaded as attachments to the invoice. FP Contracts Supply WAWF Table Invoice Type Supply Combo Invoice & Receiving Report Issued by N65236 Admin by DCMA * Inspect by N/A Server Acceptor N65236 (Logistics) LPO N/A Pay by * * To be completed at time of contract award. (c)  The use of copies of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report (MIRR), DD Form 250, as an invoice, is encouraged.  DFARS Appendix F-306 provides instructions for such use.  Copies of the MIRR used as an invoice are in addition to the standard distribution stated in DFARS F-401. (d)  In addition to the requirements of the Prompt Payment clause of this contract, the contractor shall cite on each invoice the contract line item number (CLIN); the contract subline item number (SLIN), if applicable; the accounting classification reference number (ACRN) as identified on the financial accounting data sheets, and the payment terms. (e)  The contractor shall prepare:  __  a separate invoice for each activity designated to receive the supplies or services.  __  a consolidated invoice covering all shipments delivered under an individual order.  *   either of the above. (f)  If acceptance is at origin or destination, acceptance verification will be made via the WAWF web site. H-359  LIMITED RELEASE OF CONTRACTOR CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS INFORMATION (NOV 2003) (a) Definition. "Confidential business information," as used in this clause, is defined as all forms and types of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information, including patterns, plans, compilations, program devices, formulas, designs, prototypes, methods, techniques, processes, procedures, programs, or codes, whether tangible or intangible, and whether or how stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing if -- (1) the owner thereof has taken reasonable measures to keep such information secret, and (2) the information derives independent economic value, actual or potential from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable through proper means by, the public. Confidential business information may include technical data as that term is defined in DFARS  252.227-7013(a)(14), 252.227-7015(a)(4), and 252.227-7018(a)(19). It may also include computer software as that term is defined in DFARS  252.227-7014(a)(4) and 252.227-7018(a)(4). (b) The Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command (SPAWAR) may release to individuals employed by SPAWAR support contractors and their subcontractor's confidential business information submitted by the contractor or its subcontractors pursuant to the provisions of this contract. Business information that would ordinarily be entitled to confidential treatment may be included in the information released to these individuals. Accordingly, by submission of a proposal or execution of this contract, the offeror or contractor and its subcontractors consent to a limited release of its confidential business information. (c) Circumstances where SPAWAR may release the contractor's or subcontractors' confidential business information include the following:  (1) To other SPAWAR contractors and subcontractors, and their employees tasked with assisting SPAWAR in handling and processing information and documents in the administration of SPAWAR contracts, such as file room management and contract closeout. (2) To SPAWAR contractors and subcontractors, and their employees tasked with assisting SPAWAR in accounting support services, including access to cost- reimbursement vouchers. (d)  SPAWAR recognizes its obligation to protect the contractor and its subcontractors from competitive harm that could result from the release of such information. SPAWAR will permit the limited release of confidential business information under paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) only under the following conditions: (1) SPAWAR determines that access is required by other SPAWAR contractors and their subcontractors to perform the tasks described in paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2), (2) Access to confidential business information is restricted to individuals with a bona fide need to possess, (3) Contractors, their subcontractors, and their employees who are granted access to confidential business information have signed an appropriate non- disclosure agreement requiring them to provide the same level of protection to confidential business information that would be provided by SPAWAR employees, (4) Contractors and their subcontractors having access to confidential business information have agreed under their contract or a separate corporate non- disclosure agreement to provide the same level of protection to confidential business information that would be provided by SPAWAR employees, and (5) SPAWAR contractors and their subcontractors performing the tasks described in paragraphs (c)(1) or (c)(2) have agreed under their contract or a separate non-disclosure agreement to not use confidential business information for any purpose other than performing the tasks described in paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2). (e) SPAWAR's responsibilities under the Freedom of Information Act are not affected by this clause. (f) If SPAWAR satisfies the conditions listed in paragraph (d), the contractor and its subcontractors agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Government, its agents, and employees from every claim or liability, including attorneys fees, court costs, and expenses, arising out of, or in any way related to, the misuse or unauthorized modification, reproduction, release, display, or disclosure of confidential business information provided by the contractor to the Government. (g) The contractor agrees to include, and require inclusion of, this clause in all subcontracts at any tier that requires the furnishing of confidential business information. H-360  STATE SALES TAX EXEMPTION (OCT 2003) (a) The contractor's price shall not include state sales tax, unless the location of the contractor's business is in a state that does not afford the Federal Government a tax exemption status under its state and local laws (e.g., Arizona, Hawaii). The contract price excludes all state and local taxes levied on or measured by the contract or sales price of the services or materials furnished under this contract. (b) To the extent that the guidance in FAR Part 31 and DFARS Part 231 applies to this contract, such tax or duty shall not constitute an allowable cost under this contract, unless specifically permitted by the Contracting Officer. (c) Contractors may be taxed by a state or local authority when procuring goods and services for performance of this contract. Such taxation does not constitute a tax levied on the Federal Government; rather it is a tax levied on the contractor for which the contractor is liable. However, the Federal Government is exempt from state and local taxation. Therefore, the contractor shall state separately on its invoices taxes excluded from the contract price, and the contracting officer agrees to either pay the amount of the taxes to the contractor or provide evidence necessary to sustain an exemption. (d) No exemption certificate is required. L-349,  Submission Of Electronic Proposals: (a) Offerors shall also submit their proposals electronically to SPAWAR under the instructions contained in this provision.  Offerors shall submit their signed proposals as either scanned ("TIFF") or "PDF" documents.  Electronic copies shall be submitted via the SPAWAR E-Commerce Central  (SPAWAR E-CC). Offerors submitting electronic proposals (e-Proposals) shall register in the SPAWAR E-CC and select their own password in order to submit a proposal. Offerors are required to read the "Submitting a Proposal?" web page found in the SPAWAR E-CC.  For information about "e-Proposal" submission, please visit the SPAWAR E-CC.  The URL for the SPAWAR E-Commerce Central is https://e- commerce.spawar.navy.mil. (b) Each electronic file shall also be clearly marked to show the solicitation number and offeror's name.  E-Proposal files shall not contain classified data. The offeror's e-proposal shall be in accordance with the requirements set forth below: (1) Adobe Acrobat version 4.01 or greater shall be used to create the "PDF" files. (2) The proposal submission files may be compressed (zipped) into one, ZIP file entitled "PROPOSAL.ZIP" using WinZip version 6.3 or greater. (c) Bids and proposals submitted electronically will be considered "late" unless the bidder or offeror completes the entire transmission of the bid or proposal prior to the due date and time for receipt of bids or proposals.  This paragraph (c) supplements the submission, modification and withdrawal of bids and proposals coverage in the FAR 52.212-1 "Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Items", FAR 52.214-7 "Late Submissions, Modifications, and Withdrawals of Bids", FAR 52.214-23 "Late Submissions, Modifications, Revisions, and Withdrawals of Technical Proposals under Two-Step Sealed Bidding", or the FAR 52.215-1 "Instructions to Offerors--Competitive Acquisition" provision contained in the solicitation. Submit questions or additional information to POC, Janet Maldonado at janet.maldonado@navy.mil, or 843-218-5528.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/SPAWAR/SPAWARSYSCEN_Charleston/N65236-08-R-0020/listing.html
<DESC>Click on this link to access the SPAWAR Solicitation Page
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>janet.maldonado@navy.mil
<DESC>Contract Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Langley Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>23681-0001
<CLASSCOD>93
<NAICS>325211
<OFFADD>NASA/Langley Research Center, Mail Stop 144, Industry Assistance Office, Hampton, VA 23681-0001
<SUBJECT>93--PENETRATION SUBSYSTEMS CARBON PHENOLIC MATERIAL FULL SCALE COMPRESSION PADS
<SOLNBR>NNL08MX4926Q
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>Timothy P Cannella, Contracting Officer, Phone 757-864-5028, Fax 757-864-7709, Email Timothy.P.Cannella@nasa.gov - Roberta I Hollifield, Contracting Officer, Phone 757-864-2521, Fax 757-864-6966, Email Roberta.I.Hollifield@nasa.gov
<DESC>NASA/LaRC has a requirement for MX4926 chopped molded and laminated carbon phenolic full scale compression pads for material property and arc jet testing in support of the Orion Thermal Protection System Advanced Development Project.  NASA requires full-scale chopped molded compression pads (5 each) and full-scale 20? laminate compression pads (5 each).	The materials must be manufactured in accordance with demonstrated process and standards to ensure high purity and quality standards; including demonstrated processes established to maximize carbon content and minimize contaminants to ensure the rayon precursor fabric has been properly carbonized and to minimize voids. This notice is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation, which is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ); quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  Offerors are required to use the On-Line RFQ system to submit their quote.  The On-line RFQ system is linked above or it may be accessed at http://prod.nais.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/eps/bizops.cgi?gr=C&pin=   .  The information required by FAR Subpart 12.6 is included in the on-line RFQ. The Government intends to acquire a commercial item using FAR Part 12 and the simplified acquisition procedures set forth in FAR Part 13. Questions regarding this request shall be submitted in writing (e-mail is preferred) no later than December 6, 2007.  It is the quoter's responsibility to monitor this site for the release of amendments (if any).  Potential quoters will be responsible for downloading their own copy of this notice, the on-line RFQ and amendments (if any). An ombudsman has been appointed - See NASA Specific Note "B". Any referenced notes may be viewed at the following URLs link below.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/LaRC/OPDC20220/NNL08MX4926Q/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Timothy.P.Cannella@nasa.gov
<DESC>Timothy P Cannella </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>99 CONS
<ZIP>89191-7063
<CLASSCOD>78
<NAICS>423910
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Combat Command, 99 CONS, 5865 Swaab Blvd, Nellis AFB, NV, 89191-7063, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>78 -- KIDS' PLAYGROUND
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-710269
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>12272007
<CONTACT>Rebecca  Graham, Contract Specialist, Phone 702-652-3145, Fax 702-652-5405, Email rebecca.graham@nellis.af.mil - Daryl Hitchcock, Contracting Officer, Phone 702-652-2099, Fax 702-652-9570, Email daryl.hitchcock@nellis.af.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for Kids' Playground Set prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This requirement is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ).  This is a commercial requirement set-aside for small business.  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-12.  The NAICS code for this solicitation is 423910.  The size standard for a small business under this NAICS code is one that employs 100 employees or less.  Quotes should be in the following format:  unit price for each item, price per contract line item number (CLIN), and total price for combined line items.  Award Basis:  Best Value.  Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors?Commercial, applies to this solicitation.  The following factors will be used to evaluate the offer:  price, design, quality, and warranty.  Important Note:  Items must meet the EPA Recommended Recovered Materials Content Levels for playground equipment: http://www.epa.gov/epaoswer/non-hw/procure/products/plgrndeq.htm


CLIN 0001 KIDS PLAYGROUND SET   (1 EA);
Min. Use Zone: 27?3? x 32?8?;
Child Capacity:  30-35;
For Ages:  2 to 5 or 5 to 12;
Critical Fall Height: 5?;
Accessibility: 
Elevated: 6;
Ground Level:  2;
Types: 2;

Manufacturer: Gametime, Inc. Model Number:  11820 OR EQUAL 

CLIN 0002 INSTALLATION ? PLAYGROUND SET (1 EA);

CLIN 0003 FREIGHT (1 EA);

CLIN 0004 INSTALLATION ? SAFETY SURFACING (1 EA);

Will accept similar or EQUAL items. Please provide descriptive literature/pictures if quoting on an ?OR EQUAL? item.

Submit quotation on your company?s letterhead with the breakout of CLINs as listed above.  The following clauses apply to this solicitation and resulting award:  


FAR 52.204-7, CCR,
FAR 52.212-4, Terms and Condition ? Commercial,
FAR 52.212-5 Dev, Statutes/Exec Orders, 
FAR 52.219-6, Total SB Set-aside,
FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor, 
FAR 52.222-19, Child Labor,
FAR 52.222-21, Prohibit Segregated Facilities,
FAR 52.222-25, Affirmative Action,
FAR 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity,
FAR 52.222-35, Affirmative Action for Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era and Other Eligible Veterans,
FAR 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities, 
FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans on the Vietnam Era, 
FAR 52.225-13, Restriction on Foreign Purchase,
FAR 52.232-33, Payment by EFT ? CCR,
FAR 52.233-1, Disputes,
FAR 52.233-3, Protest after Award,
FAR 52.247-34, FOB Destination,
FAR 52.252-1, Provisions Incorporated by Reference, 
FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference,
FAR 52.252-5, Authorized Deviations in Provisions,
FAR 52.252-6, Authorized Deviations in Clauses,
DFARS 252.204-7004 Alt A, Required Central Contractor Registration,
DFARS 252.212-7001, Dev Terms and Conditions,
DFARS 252.223-7001, Hazard Warning Labels,
DFARS 252.225-7000, Buy American Cert,
DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American Act,
DFARS 252.225-7002, Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors,
DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests,
DFARS 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments,
DFARS 252.243-7001, Pricing of Contract Modifications,
DFARS 252.247-7023 Alt III, Transportation of Supplies by Sea Alt III, 
AFFARS 5352.201-9101, Ombudsman. 

No Ozone Depleting Certification (ODC) required.  Electronic Invoicing required; payments are made utilizing the Wide Are Workflow (WAWF).  All contractors must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database to receive a DOD award or payment.  Lack of registration in CCR will make an offeror ineligible for award.  Information concerning clauses and provision incorporated by reference may be obtained at http://www.farsite.hill.af.mil.  Quotes are due on or before 3:00pm Pacific Standard Time, on 12 Dec 07.  Please include a completed copy of the Buy American Act Certificate with your submitted quote.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/99CONS/Reference-Number-710269/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>89191
<POPADDRESS>NELLIS AFB
LAS VEGAS, NV
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Lackland AFB - 37th Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>78236-5253
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>532112
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Education and Training Command, Lackland AFB - 37th Contracting Squadron, 1655 Selfridge Avenue, Lackland AFB, TX, 78236-5253, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>V -- Vehicles for CBAT Course
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-8T-C-091
<RESPDATE>120607
<ARCHDATE>12212007
<CONTACT>Nicole Pierce, Contract Specialist, Phone 210-671-1751, Fax 210-671-1199, Email nicole.pierce@lackland.af.mil - Rose Mora, Contracting Officer, Phone 210-671-1752, Fax 210-671-1199, Email rose.mora@lackland.af.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items, prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation.  Quotes are being requested and a separate Request for Proposal (RFP) will not be issued.  This solicitation, number 8T-C-091 is to be used for a Request for Quote (RFQ) only.  This procurement is restricted to 100% small business concerns.  The NAICS code is 532112 and the size standard is $23.5M.  Simplified Acquisition Procedures in accordance with FAR Subpart 13 apply.  The requirement is for quantity, 10 months, lease of one 15-Passenger Van for dates of 9 Dec 07 through 30 Sep 08; 10 months, lease of two Ford Explorer, 9-Passenger, SUV 4x4 for dates of 9 Dec 07 through 30 Sep 08; 10 months, lease of two three-fourths ton or 1 ton, 4-door, 4X4, Pick-up truck for dates of 9 Dec 07 through 30 Sep 08.  The vehicles must be DELIVERED to Camp Bullis, TX 78287 on Sunday 9 Dec 07.  FOB Destination is required.  Quote must be effective through 30 September 2008.  FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation of Commercial Items applies-Quotes will be evaluated based on most advantageous to the Government, price, and other factors considered.  The following factors are stated in relative importance and shall be used to evaluate quotes: 1.technical capability of the item(s) offered to meet the Government requirement for vehicles as specified above; 2.price; (see FAR 15.304).  This combined synopsis/solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-21.  Applicable FAR clauses may be obtained by going to http://www.farsite.hill.af.mil.  The following FAR clauses also apply to this synopsis/solicitation:  FAR 52.208-4 Vehicle Lease Payments, 52.208-5 Condition of Leased Vehicles, FAR 52.208-6 Marking of Leased Vehicles, FAR 52.208-7 Tagging of Leased Vehicles, FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions, FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference, FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses, FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items, FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items (Deviation), DFARS 252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items (Deviation), FAR 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services, FAR 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, FAR 52.219-28 Post Award Small Business Program Representation, FAR 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity, FAR 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and other Eligible Veterans, FAR 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons, 52.228-8 Liability and Insurance-Leased Motor Vehicles, FAR 52.232-1 Payments, FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer and DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Request, FAR 52.247-34 F.o.b. Destination, DFARS 252.204-7004 (Alt A) Central Contractor Registration and Addendum to FAR 52.212-4 Changes to Terms and Conditions.  Current Registration in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) and Online Representation and Certifications Application (ORCA) are mandatory, and can be found by visiting http://www.ccr.gov for CCR and for ORCA at https://orca.bpn.gov.  Responses to this combined synopsis/solicitation can be sent to 2Lt Nicole Pierce via fax at 210-671-1199 or email nicole.pierce@lackland.af.mil NO LATER THAN 12 pm Central Time on 6 Dec 07.  For questions, contact 2Lt Nicole Pierce at 210-671-1751.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/LackAFBCS/Reference-Number-8T-C-091/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>78257
<POPADDRESS>5424 New Marne Rd
Camp Bullis, TX
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>DLA HQ Enterprise Support
<ZIP>22060-6220
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>511210
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, DLA HQ Enterprise Support, 8725 John J. Kingman Road Suite 0119, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6220, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>99 -- Distributed Explorit Software Maintenance and Support
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-DTIC08296001
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>12262007
<CONTACT>Constance House, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-767-1198, Fax 703-767-1198, Email constance.house@dla.mil
<DESC>This is a combine synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information in this notice. This announcement constitutes only the solicitation; a quote is being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  
The Defense Technical Information Center (DTIC) requires the procurement of continuing software Maintenance/Support for its Distributed Explorit Software CY-08.   Distributed Explorit software provides a common user interface for searching and retrieving information across heterogeneous datasets over the Internet.  The software provides DTIC with consistency and stability within its STINET and Technical Report Awareness Internet Link System (TRAILS) Web applications.  This renewal will continue to provide DTIC with technical support for the product and updates to the software as they become available.  This acquisition is for Distributed Exploirt Software   quantity one (1) Explorit Research Accelerator Federated Search for DTIC's MultiSearch Portal and one (1) Explorit Research Accelerator Alerts for DTIC?s MultiSearch Portal and for its Technical Report Awareness Internet Link System (TRAILS).  Period of Performance January 01, 2008 through December 31, 2008. The acquisition is 100% set-aside for small business concerns.  The North American Industrial Classification System Code is 511210 with a small business size standard of 500 employees. The following clauses and provisions are incorporated by reference and are to remain in full force in any resultant purchase order; FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors, Commercial Item (Jan 2005) and 52.215-5, Facsimile Proposals (Oct 1997) applies to this acquisition. Submit signed and dated quotes on company letterhead.  The Government will make an award to the lowest priced, responsible, contractor whose quote conforms to the solicitation. The clause at FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items (Oct 2003) is incorporated into this RFQ and is amended to add the following clauses: FAR 52.204-7 Central Contractor Registration (Jul 2006).  FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items (Jan 2005).  The following additional FAR clauses under paragraph (b) are applicable: 52.222-3, Convict Labor (June 2003); 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Feb 1999); 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Apr 2002); 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers With Disabilities (June 1998); 52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Dec 2003); 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003); DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (May 2006); 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders (Jan 2005) applies to this acquisition, and specifically the following clauses under paragraphs (a) and (b) are applicable:  252.225-7001, Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program (Apr 2003).  The following DFARS clauses are hereby incorporate into this solicitation: DFARS 252.204-700  Interested vendor must quote on all items. The offerors must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database and the Wide Area Workflow.  Offerors must be registered in the Online Representations and Certifications system at (http://orca.bpn.gov) and provide a completed DFARS 252.212-7001, Contract Terms an conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisition of Commercial Items (Jan 2005) and the following clauses are applicable under sub-paragraph (a) and (b); 252.225-7001 Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Programs (Apr 2003); 252.232-7003  Electronic Submission of Payment Request (Jan 20004).  DFARS 252.204-7004 Alternate A Central Registration (Nov 2003) is also applicable.  Clauses and provisions may be accessed via the Internet at http://farsite.hill.af.mil or http://www.arnet.gov.far.  All offers must be received no later than December 11, 2007, 3:00 pm Eastern Standard Time and must be respond to the information contained herein.  Quotations may be faxed to 703-767-1198, ATTN: Constance House, email: constance.house@dla.mil.  Reference the Purchase Request Number DTICZ08296001. Quotations should meet all instructions put forth in this combine solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DLA-DSS/Reference-Number-DTIC08296001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>22060-6218
<POPADDRESS>Defense Technical Center (DTIC)
ATTN: Ricardo Thoroughgood, DTIC-BW
8725 John J. Kingman Road
Fort Belvoir,VA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<ZIP>62225-5406
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>334310
<OFFADD>Defense Information Systems Agency, Procurement and Logistics, DITCO-Scott, 2300 East Dr. Building 3600, Scott AFB, IL, 62225-5406, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>70 -- Polycom Adtran Titan
<SOLNBR>Reference-Number-NA12OCT075712
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Ronald  Anderson, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9259, Fax 618-229-9177, Email ronald.anderson1@disa.mil - Beverly Jones, Contract Specialist, Phone 618-229-9689, Fax 618-229-9177, Email beverly.jones@disa.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.

The reference number is NA12OCT075712.  The solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ).
 
The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-21 effective November 7, 2007.

This is an unrestricted solicitation.  The associated NAICS code is 334310 and the small business size standard is 750 employees. 

A list of contract line item number(s) and items, quantities and units of measure follow:

ITEM #	DESCRIPTION	QTY	UNIT
VNMX2001	Polycom MGC-100 MUX-20 Card	1	EA
VNMN0801	Polycom MGC-100 Net-8 Card	1	EA
VCPV0802	Polycom MGC-100 Video-8 Cards W/License	6	EA
VCPA1601	Polycom MGC-100 Power Supply	1	EA
VNMM0801	Polycom MGC-100 MPI Cards	2	EA
VRMA4802	Polycom MGC-100 Audio-48/96 Card	1	EA
1200184L1	Adtran ATLAS 800 Serial Module	4	EA
1200262L1	Adtran ATLAS 800 NX56/64 BONDING Module	1	EA
366 ISO-4	TITAN MODEL 366 ISO-4 RACKMOUNT 4 UNIT Dial Isolator	2	EA
PEC301401	TITAN/L3 KIV-7 Red to RS-530/232 Cable Assembly	8	EA
PEC301402	TITAN/L3 KIV-7 Black to RS-530/232 Cable Assembly	8	EA
PECDIALISO	TITAN/L3 RS-366 DCE Cable Assembly to DB25S	8	EA
PECDIALISO	TITAN/L3 RS-366 DTE Cable Assembly to DB25S	8	EA

The items to be acquired are Polycom, Adtran, and TITAN brand named equipment.

FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items is incorporated by reference and applies to this acquisition. Offeror shall include a completed copy of the provision at far 52.212-3, Offeror Representation and Certifications.  Note: If your firm?s representations and certifications have been entered into the http://orca.bpn.gov/ , your firm is not required to submit additional representations and certifications. However, your firm must provide its DUNS number and a statement that the Online Representations and Certifications (ORCA) website has current information. The provision may be obtained at http://farsite.hill.af.mil .
FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items (FEB 2007) is incorporated by reference and applies to this acquisition. The following clauses apply to this solicitation and any resultant contract, FAR 52.212-5; 52.233-3, 52.233-4, FAR 52.222-3, 52.222-19, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, FAR 52.222-36, FAR 52.222-50, FAR 52.232-33, FAR 52.232-36, 52.247-34, DFAR 252.225-7001, DFAR 252.225-7002, DFAR 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payement Requests,  DFAR 252.204-7004 Alt A Central Contractor Registration (52.204-7) Alternate A, and DFAR 252.232-9100 Wide Area Workflow-Receipt and Acceptance (WAWF-RA) (May 2004) 

The Government plans to make a single award to the responsible offeror whose offer conforms to the requirements as stated in this combined synopsis and is most advantageous to the Government based on the least price technically acceptable methodology. Credit Card is the preferred method of payment. Electronic invoicing and payment using Wide Area Workflow will be consider if it offers a price advantage.  

RFQ responses are due 07 December 2007 at 3 PM Eastern time zone. Email submission is required. Late quotes will not be accepted.

The name and telephone number of the individual to contact for quote submission and information regarding the solicitation:
Ronald J. Anderson, Contract Specialist; 618-229-9259; ronald.anderson1@disa.mil .

---------------------------------------------------------------
JUSTIFICATION AND APPROVAL
TO PROCURE USING OTHER THAN FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION

Upon the basis of the following justification, I, as Contracting Officer, hereby approve the use of other than full and open competition of the proposed contractual action pursuant to the authority of 10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1).

JUSTIFICATION

1.  Agency and Contracting Activity:  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(1))
Agency:   SPAWAR CHS, 5572
Contracting Activity:  DISA/DITCO/PL8322, Scott AFB, IL

2.  Nature/Description of Action(s):  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(2))
Procure upgrades for the existing Adtran ATLAS and Polycom MGC-100 equipment in use by the NVS facility. 

3.  Description of Supplies/Services:  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(3))
(1) Polycom MGC-100 MUX-20 Card
(1) Polycom MGC-100 Net-8 Card
(6) Polycom MGC-100 Video-8 Cards W/License
(1) Polycom MGC-100 Power Supply
(2) Polycom MGC-100 MPI Cards
(1) Polycom MGC-100 Audio-48/96 Card
(4) Adtran ATLAS 800 Serial Modules
(1) Adtran ATLAS 800 NX56/64 BONDING Module
(2) TITAN Model 366 ISO-4 Rackmount 4 Unit Dial Isolators
(8) TITAN/L3 KIV-7 Red to RS-530/232 Cable Assembly
(8) TITAN/L3 KIV-7 Black to RS-530/232 Cable Assembly
(8) TITAN/L3 RS-366 DCE Cable Assembly to DB25S
(8) TITAN/L3 RS-366 DTE Cable Assembly to DB25S 

[REDACTED]
4.  Identification of Statutory Authority:  FAR 6.302-1/DFAR 206.302-1
Other than full and open competition of the proposed contractual action is pursuant to the authority of 10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1); only one or a limited number of responsible sources, and no other type of supplies
or services will satisfy agency requirements. 

5.  Demonstration of Contractor?s Unique Qualifications:  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(5))
We have specified the Adtran and Polycom specific brands because the current equipment that we have in use can only be upgraded with items from these manufacturers.  If it were required to purchase new equipment instead of upgrading the current systems in place there would be significant risk of non-interoperability with our current infrastructure.  Additionally, the total cost to acquire new systems would be substantially higher that the cost to upgrading the current equipment.

6.  FedBizOpps Announcement/Potential Sources:  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(6))
A combined commercial synopsis/solicitation will be issued in the FedBizOps.
POTENTIAL SOURCES:
[REDACTED]

7.  Determination of Fair and Reasonable Cost:  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(7))
The Contract Specialist will perform price analysis prior to contract award to ensure that the price paid represents the best value to the Government. Also an evaluation of offered prices and a determination by the ordering activity Contracting Officer will be made so that the award represents the best value (lowest cost technically acceptable). 

8.  Description of Market Research:  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(8))
The required Adtran and Polycom hardware has proprietary features and a custom operating environment found only in this brand name hardware. These specific products are required to fit within the already established VTC infrastructure since they are the only ones that can be used to upgrade the current systems. 

9.  Any Other Supporting Facts:  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(9))

10.  Listing of Interested Sources:  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(10))
[REDACTED]

11.  Actions Taken to Remove Barriers to Competition:  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(11))
While circumstances do not permit full and open competition for this acquisition, the Government will continue look for ways to use products that are available from multiple vendors.

12.  Statement of Period of Performance and/or Delivery Schedule:  (DARS 6.303-2(a)(S-90))
Estimated delivery of hardware is 30 to 60 days after award. 

13.  Reference to the Approved Acquisition Plan (AP)/Program Plan (PP):  (FAR 6.303-2(a)(S-91))
N/A
[REDACTED]
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DISA/D4AD/DITCO/Reference-Number-NA12OCT075712/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>32508
<POPADDRESS>Required delivery is 30 to 60 days after date of contract. Shipping is FOB Destination to:

David Amond
130 West Ave, Suite D
Pensacola, FL 
David Amond: david.amond@navy.mil, (850) 452 - 7848
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<ZIP>22060-6222
<CLASSCOD>99
<NAICS>221112
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Energy Support Center, 8725 John J. Kingman Road, Fort Belvoir, VA, 22060-6222, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>99 -- Electricity and Ancillary Services - Maine
<SOLNBR>SP0600-08-R-0402
<RESPDATE>010408
<ARCHDATE>01192008
<CONTACT>Lawrence Fratis, Contracting Officer, Phone 703 767-8528, Fax 703 767-8757, Email lawrence.fratis@dla.mil - Latonya Beach, Contract Specialist, Phone 703-767-8532, Fax 703-767-8757, Email latonya.beach@dla.mil
<DESC>Electricity and ancillary services, for ultimate delivery to Department of Defense and Federal Civilian installations located in Maine ? 68,086 MWh.  No award will be made to an offeror who at the time of award is not on the state approved list of energy service companies (ESCOs) in the state in which award is to be made.  The Government is soliciting offers for a 12-month delivery period (beginning with meter read occurring in the month of March 2008 through the meter read occurring in the month of March 2009) for all accounts;  Any contracts awarded will be Firm Fixed price (FFP) requirements and requirements utilizing Locational Marginal Pricing. (LMP).  This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation is available.  This announcement and the document, which can be accessed at the URL identified below, constitute the only solicitation.  The solicitation is issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP) and has incorporated provisions and clauses as in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-11.  Additional requirements may be added by Amendment.  All responsible sources may submit a proposal, which shall be considered. The RFP is available through the DESC-A Electricity web site http://www.desc.dla.mil/DCM/DCMSolic.asp?SolicID=1231&SPos=0.  

If you are unable to access the solicitation via the Internet, please contact DESC-A for a printed copy.  For all Small Business issues please call Ms. Sheila McClain at 703-767-9678 (Email: sheila.mcclain@dla.mil).
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DESC/SP0600-08-R-0402/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>03904
<POPADDRESS>Kittery, ME
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Distribution Center
<ZIP>17070-5001
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>334210
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Acquisition Management, Defense Distribution Center, 2001 Mission Drive DDC CSS-AB, Bldg 404, New Cumberland, PA, 17070-5001, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>70 -- Raritan Paragon II
<SOLNBR>SP3100-7310-3022
<RESPDATE>121407
<CONTACT>Karen Ghani, Contract Specialist, Phone 717-770-5951, Fax 717-770-7591, Email karen.ghani@dla.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation is issued as a request for quote, solicitation number SP3100-7310-3022.

The Defense Distribution Center located in New Cumberland, PA has a requirement for Raritan Paragon II CAC Enabled KVM switches and ancillary equipment.  This is a brand name requirement.  A justification for other than full and open competition was executed and the rationale for the justification is included in this combined synopsis/solicitation.  This is a small business set aside.  The NAICs code is 334210 and the size standard is 1,000 employees.  

CLIN 0001 is for product number: P2-UMT832M?Paragon II 32PT 8U KVM Main Unit Switch, Quantity Required: 1 ea. 

CLIN 0002 is for product number: P2-UMT442?Paragon II 42PT 4U KVM CAT5 Matrix Switch, Quantity Required: 4 ea.

CLIN 0003 is for product number: P2-UMT242?Paragon II 42PT 2U KVM CAT5 Matrix Switch, Quantity Required: 24 ea.

CLIN 0004 is for product number: P2-EUST/C?Paragon 2 Smart Card User Station, Quantity Required: 48 ea. 

CLIN 0005 is for product number: P2CIM-AUSB-C-64PAC?64PK Paragon 2 USB CIM For Smart Card App, Quantity Required: 7 ea.  

CLIN 0006 is for product number: P2CIM-AUSB-C?Paragon 2?USB CIM for Smart Card Applciations, Quantity Required: 20 ea.

Offerors shall provide the unit price for CLIN and the total amount, inclusive of shipping costs (FOB Destination).  Delivery will be made to the following address: Defense Distribution Center Susquehanna, Bldg 203, Door 12, DDSP-XB, 5450 Carlisle Pike, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055.  Delivery is required 14 days after receipt of order.

Evaluation for award shall be in accordance with FAR 13.106.  The Government intends to award a contract resulting from this notice on an all or none basis to the responsible offeror whose offer is the lowest price who can meet our delivery and brand name requirements. 

Please provide delivery terms with your quote.  

This notice incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-21 and DFARS change notice 20071108.  The following clauses are incorporated for purposes of this notice and will be included in the contract award document by either reference or full text:  FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS-COMMERCIAL ITEMS; FAR 52.212-3; OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS; FAR 52.212-4, CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS; FAR 52.212-5 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS- COMMERCIAL ITEMS to include FAR 52.203-6 (ALT I), 52.219-4, 52.219-6, 52.219-8, 52.222-3, 52.222-19, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.225-13, 52.232-33, 52.247-64; DFARS 252.212-7001, CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS to include DFARS 252.225-7012, DFARS 252.232-7003, DFARS 252.243-7002, DFARS 252.247-7023; AND DFARS 252.212-7000 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS.  These clauses may be viewed at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/.     Additional required clauses other than those above may be included as Addenda on the award document.  

Offerors must submit a completed copy of FAR 52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS-COMMERCIAL ITEMS with the price offer or may complete the representations and certifications on the internet at http://orca.bpn.gov. Failure to include the certifications along with a price proposal will render an offeror ineligible for award.   All questions and inquiries should be addressed via email to karen.ghani@dla.mil, Request for Quote Number SP3100-7310-3022.  Prices and representations/certifications are required NLT 12:00 PM EST on December 14, 2007.  This information should be submitted to the above email address or faxed to 717-770-7591.  Contractors must be capable of accepting electronic fund payment for this procurement.  ALL SOURCES MUST BE REGISTERED IN THE CENTRAL CONTRACT REGISTRATION DATABASE, http://www.ccr.gov/, or an award cannot be processed. 

Brand Name Justification

Based on market research conducted, Raritan is the only KVM Switch vendor that can provide a solution to meet all the following requirements and satisfy the following HSPD-12 Directive requirements:

1.	Solution must be modular and connected via CAT5 Cabling
2.	Solution must have a FIPS-201 certified CAC Card Reader integrated into it.
3.	Solution must allow 2-8 users? simultaneous access to the servers that are attached to it.
4.	Solution must allow 7-50 servers to attach and be accessible to all users.
5.	Solution must not store or cache any of the CAC Card information or credentials.
6.	Solution can not change the authentication requirements of the servers attached to it.
7.	Solution must be able to provide logging and auditing of activity.
8.	Solution must allow for expansion via connecting additional switches to configuration.
9.	Solution must provide authentication to the actual KVM switch before allowing access to the servers.
10.	Connections to the server must be done through USB and Console Ports.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DDC/SP3100-7310-3022/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
<POPZIP>17055
<POPADDRESS>Defense Distribution Center Susquehanna
Mechanicsburg PA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Clothing & Textiles - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>84
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA; 700 ROBBINS AVENUE; PHILADELPHIA, PA  19111-5092
<SUBJECT>84--INSIGNIA,SHOULDERS
<SOLNBR>SPM1C108T0512
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 8455015287580 INSIGNIA,SHOULDERS: Line 0001 Qty 120000  UI EA  Deliver To: ARIZONA INDUSTRIES FOR THE BLIND By: 30-JUN-08The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-C-BSM/SPM1C108T0512/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>43
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>43--PUMP,AXIAL PISTONS
<SOLNBR>SPM4A508Q0920
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>01092008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4320003908135 PUMP,AXIAL PISTONS: Line 0001 Qty 00005  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 233 days ADOApproved sources are 90166 67C050-2B1; 90166 67C050-3. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A508Q0920/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>29
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>29--PISTON, ACCUMULATOR
<SOLNBR>SPM4A508Q0923
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01182008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2995011392275 PISTON, ACCUMULATOR: Line 0002 Qty 00090  UI EA  Deliver To: DEF DIST DEPOT JACKSONVILLE within 240 dLine 0001 Qty 00028  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 240 days ADOLine 0001 Qty 00028  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 240 days ADOApproved source is 99551 2493738. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A508Q0923/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>16--HANDLE,RELEASE,LOCK
<SOLNBR>SPM4A508T1366
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1620011580861 HANDLE,RELEASE,LOCK: Line 0001 Qty 00029  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 09-NOV-08Approved source is 13002 1168963-101. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A508T1366/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>16--TUBEASSEMBLY,ARMOR
<SOLNBR>SPM4A508T1368
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1680000742848 TUBEASSEMBLY,ARMOR: Line 0001 Qty 00017  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 19-MAR-09Approved source is 78286 65302-12169-042. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A508T1368/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>91
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>91--HYDRAULIC FLUID, FIRE
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608Q1159
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 9150011132046 HYDRAULIC FLUID, FIRE : Line 0001 Qty 00283  UI CN  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 64 days ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A608Q1159/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>91
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>91--LUBRICATING OIL, SEMI-
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608Q1883
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 9150006874241 LUBRICATING OIL, SEMI-: Line 0001 Qty 01560  UI QT  Deliver To: DEFENSE DISTRIBUTION DEPOT RICHMOND withLine 0002 Qty 00480  UI QT  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 30 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00480  UI QT  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 30 days ADOThis is a qualified products list (QPL) item. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A608Q1883/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>66
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>66--TRANSMITTER,PRESSUR
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608T4980
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6620009746489 TRANSMITTER,PRESSUR: Line 0001 Qty 00002  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 29-NOV-08-08Approved sources are 26055 015-012-001; 59211 015-012-001. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A608T4980/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>66
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>66--TRANSMITTER,LIQUID
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608T4981
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6680011500765 TRANSMITTER,LIQUID: Line 0001 Qty 00003  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 24-JUL-08-08This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved source is 26055 010-017-007. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A608T4981/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>61
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>61--CABLEASSEMBLY,SPEC
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608T5007
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6150013372496 CABLEASSEMBLY,SPEC: Line 0001 Qty 00030  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 27-APR-09Approved source is 05606 197C8534. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A608T5007/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>66
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>66--GEARAND MOTOR ASSY
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608T5017
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6685011433964 GEARAND MOTOR ASSY: Line 0001 Qty 00039  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 03-AUG-08Approved source is 61349 ANN1501A. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A608T5017/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>66
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>66--TRANSMITTER,FLAP
<SOLNBR>SPM4A608T5056
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6610010370290 TRANSMITTER,FLAP: Line 0001 Qty 00005  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 02-MAR-09Approved source is 83326 932-3. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A608T5056/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>16--ARM,WINDSHIELD WIPER
<SOLNBR>SPM4A707QB353
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>01122008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1680014178077 ARM,WINDSHIELD WIPER: Line 0001 Qty 00002  UI EA  Deliver To: FB4417  16 LRS LGSA           RCVNG within 180 days ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A707QB353/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>15
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>15--PANEL,STRUCTURAL,AI
<SOLNBR>SPM4A707QE045
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560009795213 PANEL,STRUCTURAL,AI: Line 0001 Qty 00065  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 330 days ADOThis item contains one or more components that must meet qualified products list (QPL) specifications.  The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice. Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A707QE045/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>15
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>15--DISCONNECT ASSEMBLY
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q2661
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560008274472 DISCONNECT ASSEMBLY: Line 0001 Qty 00021  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 150Line 0002 Qty 00033  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 150 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00033  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 150 days ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708Q2661/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>16--EMERGENCY PASSENGER OX
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q2789
<RESPDATE>120507
<ARCHDATE>01042008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1660014953043 EMERGENCY PASSENGER OX: Line 0001 Qty 00312  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 60 days ADOApproved source is 0U058 MR-10097AF. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708Q2789/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>15
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>15--FORMER,AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q2791
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560015358890 FORMER,AIRCRAFT: Line 0001 Qty 00324  UI EA  Deliver To: DEF DISTRIBUITON DEPOT OKLAHOMA within 120 days ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708Q2791/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>16--CUSHION,SEAT, AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q2796
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1680015462349 CUSHION,SEAT, AIRCRAFT: Line 0001 Qty 00040  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 60 days ADOApproved source is 3CGU9 1009-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708Q2796/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>29
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>29--FILTER ELEMENT, FLUID
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q2800
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>01092008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2915011403789 FILTER ELEMENT, FLUID: Line 0001 Qty 00449  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 45 Line 0002 Qty 00216  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 45 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00216  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 45 days ADOThis is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are 18350 24975; 82402 42312D187. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708Q2800/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>15
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>15--FITTING, STRUCTURAL
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q2816
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>01092008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560010684166 FITTING, STRUCTURAL: Line 0001 Qty 00050  UI EA  Deliver To: DISTRIBUTION DEPOT HILL within 476 days ADOApproved source is 26512 160D611608-15. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708Q2816/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>16--BELL CRANK AND BRACKET
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708Q2825
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>01092008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1670002495663 BELL CRANK AND BRACKET: Line 0002 Qty 00140  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 119 days ALine 0001 Qty 00004  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 119 days ADOLine 0001 Qty 00004  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 119 days ADOApproved source is 81868 11768-192. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708Q2825/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>28
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>28--FAIRING,MIDRINGFAN
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708T1808
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2840012460003 FAIRING,MIDRINGFAN: Line 0001 Qty 00019  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 04-SEP-09Approved source is 07482 696D813G03. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708T1808/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>15
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>15--PANEL,STRUCTURAL,AI
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708T1820
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560015520201 PANEL,STRUCTURAL,AI: Line 0001 Qty 00015  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 09-DEC-08Approved source is 82918 50-4668-12. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708T1820/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>28
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>28--SPRING,EXPANDER,PIS
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708T1832
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2810004726300 SPRING,EXPANDER,PIS: Line 0001 Qty 01585  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 27-OCT-08-08Approved sources are 63005 6810247; 90827 6810247. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708T1832/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>29
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>29--SEALASSEMBLY
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708T1838
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2915008050414 SEALASSEMBLY: Line 0001 Qty 00192  UI EA  Deliver To: DEF DISTRIBUITON DEPOT OKLAHOMA By: 30-JUN-08Approved source is 73760 105306A. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708T1838/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>16--FILTERELEMENT,FLUI
<SOLNBR>SPM4A708T1850
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1650015530426 FILTERELEMENT,FLUI: Line 0001 Qty 00540  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 31-MAR-09Approved source is 18350 ACC552F1605. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4A708T1850/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>62
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>62--KIT, HARNESS LGT PAN
<SOLNBR>SPM4AE08Q0017
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>01112008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6220015242268 KIT, HARNESS LGT PAN: Line 0001 Qty 00004  UI KT  Deliver To: FB6323  109 AW  LGS   STRATTON ANGB within 70 days ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4AE08Q0017/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING,BALL,ANNULAR
<SOLNBR>SPM4L108Q0188
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3110004101013 BEARING,BALL,ANNULAR: Line 0001 Qty 00047  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 331 days ALine 0002 Qty 00058  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 331 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00058  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 331 days ADOApproved source is 83086 212-010-762-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4L108Q0188/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING,BALL,ANNULAR
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108Q0739
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>01122008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3110003422487 BEARING,BALL,ANNULAR: Line 0001 Qty 00100  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADLine 0002 Qty 00150  UI EA  Deliver To: DISTRIBUTION DEPOT HILL within 90 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00150  UI EA  Deliver To: DISTRIBUTION DEPOT HILL within 90 days ADOApproved source is 36069 550058.MIL. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108Q0739/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>66
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>66--THERMOCOUPLE,IMMERS
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108Q1002
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6685012000962 THERMOCOUPLE,IMMERS: Line 0001 Qty 00240  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 108 days ADOApproved source is 82796 16204847. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108Q1002/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING,BALL,ANNULAR
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108Q1004
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3110012556389 BEARING,BALL,ANNULAR: Line 0001 Qty 00374  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 116 days ADOApproved source is 32970 150SG1052-B. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108Q1004/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING,ROLLER,CYLI
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108T4135
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3110004403941 BEARING,ROLLER,CYLI: Line 0001 Qty 00110  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 25-AUG-08This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are 38443 311D563P2; 52676 311D563P3. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108T4135/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING,ROLLER,CYLINDRICA
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108T4136
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3110004360517 BEARING,ROLLER,CYLINDRICA: Line 0001 Qty 00017  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 05-SEP-09This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are 06144 698481-1; 78118 698481-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108T4136/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING,PLAIN,SELF-
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108T4137
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3120007762827 BEARING,PLAIN,SELF-: Line 0001 Qty 01057  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 17-JUL-08This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are 02695 706B878P6; 02758 706B878P8; 07482 706B878P6; 07482 706B878P7; 09455 706B878P9; 15860 706B878P7; 97613 706B878P5. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108T4137/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>61
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>61--DISTRIBUTIONBOX
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108T4140
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6110015441805 DISTRIBUTIONBOX: Line 0001 Qty 00100  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 16-AUG-08The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108T4140/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING,PLAIN,SELF-
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108T4153
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3120001655958 BEARING,PLAIN,SELF-: Line 0001 Qty 00178  UI EA  Deliver To: DEF DIST DEPOT ANNISTON By: 28-SEP-08This is a qualified products list (QPL) item. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108T4153/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>31
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND; ATTN:  DSCR PROCUREMENT; 8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY; RICHMOND, VA  23297-5789
<SUBJECT>31--HOUSING,BEARINGUNIT
<SOLNBR>SPM4M108T4164
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3130004989359 HOUSING,BEARINGUNIT: Line 0001 Qty 00533  UI EA  Deliver To: DEF DIST DEPOT ANNISTON By: 06-JUN-08The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPM4M108T4164/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER RICHMOND
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>53
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA; 700 ROBBINS AVENUE; PHILADELPHIA, PA  19111-5092
<SUBJECT>53--WASHER, SPRING TENSION
<SOLNBR>SPM5A708Q0179
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>01102008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5310001436406 WASHER, SPRING TENSION: Line 0001 Qty 05000  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 30 days ADOApproved source is 0ZWK8 532157-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/SPM5A708Q0179/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>53
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA; 700 ROBBINS AVENUE; PHILADELPHIA, PA  19111-5092
<SUBJECT>53--SEAL,PLAIN
<SOLNBR>SPM5M408T1804
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5330014653299 SEAL,PLAIN: Line 0001 Qty 00293  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 22-MAY-08-08This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved source is 0VXY8 6100B3X116-E. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/SPM5M408T1804/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>30
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>30--GEAR,BEVEL
<SOLNBR>SPM7A208T0791
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3020000116045 GEAR,BEVEL: Line 0001 Qty 00036  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 19-JUL-08Approved source is 07482 516D862P4. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A208T0791/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>30
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>30--SHAFT,STRAIGHT
<SOLNBR>SPM7A208T0792
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3040011258352 SHAFT,STRAIGHT: Line 0001 Qty 00018  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 11-NOV-08Approved source is 0ZWK8 2022400-2-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A208T0792/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>58
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>58--DIVIDER,POWER,RADIO
<SOLNBR>SPM7A308T1078
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5895011880002 DIVIDER,POWER,RADIO: Line 0001 Qty 00034  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 25-MAY-08This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved source is 96341 3089-4004-00. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A308T1078/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>30
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>30--ADAPTER,SPLINE
<SOLNBR>SPM7A308T1080
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3040011274324 ADAPTER,SPLINE: Line 0001 Qty 00162  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 30-MAY-08-08Approved sources are 61186 93-31300-04; 64547 1594596-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A308T1080/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>30
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>30--GEAR,SPUR
<SOLNBR>SPM7A408T0948
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3020008613829 GEAR,SPUR: Line 0001 Qty 00002  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 20-AUG-08The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A408T0948/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>58
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>58--CONTROL,REMOTESWIT
<SOLNBR>SPM7A408T0957
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5895011975009 CONTROL,REMOTESWIT: Line 0001 Qty 00008  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 05-MAY-08-08Approved source is 0KDP7 897059. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A408T0957/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>58
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>58--SYNCHRONIZER,ELECTR
<SOLNBR>SPM7A408T0966
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5895014706709 SYNCHRONIZER,ELECTR: Line 0001 Qty 00003  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 15-MAY-08-08Approved source is 0BXW5 LSS100. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A408T0966/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>58
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>58--FLASHDRIVE CARTRID
<SOLNBR>SPM7A408T0969
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5895015138991 FLASHDRIVE CARTRID: Line 0001 Qty 00001  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 28-DEC-08Approved source is 0C0C7 PRV-0756A-03. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A408T0969/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>14
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>14--PANEL,CONTROL,ELECT
<SOLNBR>SPM7A408T0971
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1430012172372 PANEL,CONTROL,ELECT: Line 0001 Qty 00038  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 02-NOV-08Approved sources are 1A228 11509125; 3V055 11509125. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A408T0971/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>48--VALVE,SAFETYRELIEF
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1502
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4820000831262 VALVE,SAFETYRELIEF: Line 0001 Qty 00034  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 24-MAR-09Approved source is 81982 A90154. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1502/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--REACTOR
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1506
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5950011744465 REACTOR: Line 0001 Qty 00095  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 29-APR-08Approved sources are 04939 13084846; 08450 501-0735 REV B. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1506/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--TRANSFORMER,POWER
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1507
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5950014074294 TRANSFORMER,POWER: Line 0001 Qty 00125  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 30-AUG-08Approved source is 59501 155366. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1507/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>30
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>30--PULLEY,GROOVE
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1509
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3020013760574 PULLEY,GROOVE: Line 0001 Qty 00080  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 12-OCT-08Approved sources are 00462 42315-106; 82402 42315-106. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1509/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>12
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>12--READOUT
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1510
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1285010177994 READOUT: Line 0001 Qty 00040  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 12-MAR-08Approved sources are 03640 6091551-1; 96182 351-26045-001. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1510/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>47
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>47--CONNECTOR,MULTIPLE,
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1514
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4730011468417 CONNECTOR,MULTIPLE,: Line 0001 Qty 00008  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 21-JUN-09Approved source is 18355 1B48183-507. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1514/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>58
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>58--AIRDRYER
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1524
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5840010277169 AIRDRYER: Line 0001 Qty 00006  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 17-DEC-08Approved source is 08441 D21600-508. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1524/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>48--VALVE,SOLENOID
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1527
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4810013598158 VALVE,SOLENOID: Line 0001 Qty 00011  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 27-OCT-08-08Approved source is 05624 MYLB51787. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1527/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>43
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>43--GEARROTOR SET,ROTA
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1528
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4320011720749 GEARROTOR SET,ROTA: Line 0001 Qty 00113  UI SE  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 17-AUG-08Approved source is 86329 24-45600-1040-2. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1528/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>47
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>47--COUPLINGHALF,QUICK
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1533
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4730013169027 COUPLINGHALF,QUICK: Line 0001 Qty 00004  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 29-SEP-08Approved source is 88277 17G110157-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1533/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--CIRCUITCARD ASSEMB
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1538
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5998013441939 CIRCUITCARD ASSEMB: Line 0001 Qty 00004  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 30-APR-08Approved source is 76301 74D041110-1009. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1538/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>30
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>30--CONNECTINGLINK,RIG
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1539
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3040013316962 CONNECTINGLINK,RIG: Line 0001 Qty 00010  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 02-JUN-09Approved source is 81755 16B1748-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1539/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>47
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>47--ELBOW,FLANGETO TUB
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1540
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4730015354035 ELBOW,FLANGETO TUB: Line 0001 Qty 00022  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 14-FEB-09Approved sources are 52661 4082269-01; 77445 4082269-01. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1540/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--CONNECTORASSEMBLY,
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1553
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5935013472302 CONNECTORASSEMBLY,: Line 0001 Qty 00039  UI EA  Deliver To: DEF DIST DEPOT WARNER ROBINS By: 02-JUL-09Approved source is 81413 322549-000. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1553/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--SWITCH,PULL
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1557
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5930004902969 SWITCH,PULL: Line 0001 Qty 00006  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 01-JAN-09This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved source is 99145 E855M9-2. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1557/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--EXTENDERCARD,ELECT
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1562
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5998011171798 EXTENDERCARD,ELECT: Line 0001 Qty 00015  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 19-NOV-08Approved source is 16331 63D702233G6. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1562/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--PRINTEDWIRING BOAR
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1568
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5998012056527 PRINTEDWIRING BOAR: Line 0001 Qty 00043  UI EA  Deliver To: DEF DIST DEPOT WARNER ROBINS By: 23-FEB-09Approved source is 19397 141209-0001. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1568/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--GASFLANGE,LO FREQ
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1571
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5960011233313 GASFLANGE,LO FREQ: Line 0001 Qty 00006  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 16-NOV-08Approved source is 97942 581R088H19. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1571/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>47
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>47--ADAPTER,STRAIGHT,FL
<SOLNBR>SPM7A508T1574
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4730011175651 ADAPTER,STRAIGHT,FL: Line 0001 Qty 00008  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 24-JUL-08Approved source is 01276 FC5048-4848-258. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A508T1574/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>30
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>30--BELLCRANK
<SOLNBR>SPM7A608T0891
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3040004960201 BELLCRANK: Line 0001 Qty 00006  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 09-SEP-09-09Approved sources are 95737 212-001-710-1; 97499 212-001-710-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A608T0891/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--SWITCH,SENSITIVE
<SOLNBR>SPM7A608T0894
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5930011351677 SWITCH,SENSITIVE: Line 0001 Qty 00037  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 20-JUL-08This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved source is 91929 21EN9-RB. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A608T0894/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>14
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>14--HOUSING,EJECTOR
<SOLNBR>SPM7A608T0907
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1440011997409 HOUSING,EJECTOR: Line 0001 Qty 00007  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 26-NOV-08Approved source is 76301 68A733205-5007. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A608T0907/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--CIRCUITCARD ASSEMB
<SOLNBR>SPM7A608T0914
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5998012193290 CIRCUITCARD ASSEMB: Line 0001 Qty 00026  UI EA  Deliver To: DEF DISTRIBUITON DEPOT OKLAHOMA By: 20-NOV-08Approved source is 07187 8500322-901. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A608T0914/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>48--VALVE,CHECK
<SOLNBR>SPM7A608T0916
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4820009601834 VALVE,CHECK: Line 0001 Qty 00034  UI EA  Deliver To: DISTRIBUTION DEPOT HILL By: 07-FEB-09Approved sources are 59364 123284-1-1; 72599 123284-1; 72599 123284-1-1; 99193 123284-1. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A608T0916/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>48--VALVE,SOLENOID
<SOLNBR>SPM7A608T0924
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4810002795625 VALVE,SOLENOID: Line 0001 Qty 00052  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 22-JUL-08Approved sources are 59364 320335-3; 59915 320335-3. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A608T0924/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>47
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>47--HOSEASSEMBLY,NONME
<SOLNBR>SPM7A608T0932
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4720011068973 HOSEASSEMBLY,NONME: Line 0001 Qty 00009  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 11-SEP-09Approved source is 70210 914522-4. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7A608T0932/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>29
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>29--LEAD, IGNITION.
<SOLNBR>SPM7L108Q0253
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>02022008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2920003336742 LEAD, IGNITION.: Line 0002 Qty 00093  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 80 Line 0001 Qty 00060  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 80 days ADOLine 0001 Qty 00060  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 80 days ADOApproved sources are 0AFL4 50160-53; 81482 66050; 99193 369259-53; 99193 369259-6. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7L108Q0253/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>25
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>25--BODY,CARGODUMP TRU
<SOLNBR>SPM7L208T1123
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2510014423999 BODY,CARGODUMP TRU: Line 0001 Qty 00002  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 11-MAY-08The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7L208T1123/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>25
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>25--BALLISTICBLANKET
<SOLNBR>SPM7L208T1129
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2540015442245 BALLISTICBLANKET: Line 0001 Qty 00003  UI KT  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 22-MAY-08Approved source is 38MJ2 PSM. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7L208T1129/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>25
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>25--HOUSINGPART,TRANSM
<SOLNBR>SPM7L308T0915
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2520014108078 HOUSINGPART,TRANSM: Line 0001 Qty 00021  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 01-MAY-08-08Approved sources are 34623 5714974; 34623 5743387; 7X677 24222173; 7X677 8680917. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7L308T0915/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>10
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>10--PARTSKIT-SEAL REPL
<SOLNBR>SPM7L408T0652
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1005015011528 PARTSKIT-SEAL REPL: Line 0001 Qty 00015  UI KT  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 01-JUN-08-08Approved source is 046U2 TLCNVX647. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7L408T0652/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>10
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>10--MOUNT,MACHINEGUN
<SOLNBR>SPM7L408T0658
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1005014856411 MOUNT,MACHINEGUN: Line 0001 Qty 00023  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 27-SEP-08-08The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7L408T0658/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>29
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>29--EXCITER, IGNITOON, MAN
<SOLNBR>SPM7L508Q0076
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>01182008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2920007701641 EXCITER, IGNITOON, MAN: Line 0002 Qty 00267  UI EA  Deliver To: DEF DIST DEPOT ANNISTON within 30 days ALine 0001 Qty 00076  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 30 days ADOLine 0001 Qty 00076  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 30 days ADOThis is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are 0AFL4 305001; 0AFL4 305002. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7L508Q0076/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>20
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>20--PROBEASSEMBLY,FUEL
<SOLNBR>SPM7M008T1806
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2040011377889 PROBEASSEMBLY,FUEL: Line 0001 Qty 00010  UI EA  Deliver To: MARMATDEP 2 By: 03-OCT-07The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M008T1806/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>20
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>20--CHAIR, AVIATOR'S READY
<SOLNBR>SPM7M208Q0355
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2090003684787 CHAIR, AVIATOR'S READY: Line 0001 Qty 00021  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 190 days ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M208Q0355/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>20
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>20--REPAIR KIT, STANDARD (
<SOLNBR>SPM7M208Q0437
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2090003726064 REPAIR KIT, STANDARD (: Line 0001 Qty 00036  UI KT  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 155Line 0002 Qty 00200  UI KT  Deliver To: DEFENSE DISTRIBUTION DEPOT RICHMOND within 155 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00200  UI KT  Deliver To: DEFENSE DISTRIBUTION DEPOT RICHMOND within 155 days ADOThis item contains one or more components that must meet qualified products list (QPL) specifications.  The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice. Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M208Q0437/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>48--VALVE, SOLENOID
<SOLNBR>SPM7M208Q0460
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4810004502222 VALVE, SOLENOID: Line 0002 Qty 00013  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 120 days ALine 0001 Qty 00013  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 120 days ADOLine 0001 Qty 00013  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 120 days ADOApproved sources are 98939 7101R015; 98939 AA1091-04. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M208Q0460/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>48--VALVE, GATE.
<SOLNBR>SPM7M208Q0503
<RESPDATE>122807
<ARCHDATE>01272008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4820005415693 VALVE, GATE.: Line 0001 Qty 00019  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 90 Line 0002 Qty 00034  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00034  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M208Q0503/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>48--VALVE, REGULATING, FLU
<SOLNBR>SPM7M208Q0510
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>01132008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4820006646655 VALVE, REGULATING, FLU: Line 0001 Qty 00315  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADOApproved sources are 63026 HVTS2537-580; 96073 998846. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M208Q0510/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>48--VAVLE,REGULATING TEMPE
<SOLNBR>SPM7M208Q0511
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>01122008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4820015069095 VAVLE,REGULATING TEMPE: Line 0001 Qty 00002  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 107 days ADOApproved source is 94607 10GEDJJOXY-RQG. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M208Q0511/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>48--PARTSKIT,SAFETY RE
<SOLNBR>SPM7M208T3229
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4820014240403 PARTSKIT,SAFETY RE: Line 0001 Qty 00011  UI KT  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 11-NOV-08-08Approved source is 90099 6D61348-001. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M208T3229/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>48
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>48--PARTSKIT,SAFETY RE
<SOLNBR>SPM7M208T3230
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4820014240403 PARTSKIT,SAFETY RE: Line 0001 Qty 00017  UI KT  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 15-AUG-08Approved source is 90099 6D61348-001. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M208T3230/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>47
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>47--COUPLINGASSEMBLY,Q
<SOLNBR>SPM7M308T3291
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4730014665963 COUPLINGASSEMBLY,Q: Line 0001 Qty 00011  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 09-JAN-09-09Approved source is 0DT23 64155. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M308T3291/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>47
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>47--TUBE ASSEMBLY, METAL
<SOLNBR>SPM7M408Q0228
<RESPDATE>122807
<ARCHDATE>01272008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4710013401652 TUBE ASSEMBLY, METAL: Line 0003 Qty 00006  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADLine 0002 Qty 00008  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADLine 0001 Qty 00028  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00008  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADLine 0001 Qty 00028  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADOLine 0001 Qty 00028  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADOThis item contains one or more components that must meet qualified products list (QPL) specifications.  The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice. Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M408Q0228/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>59--FILTER, RADIO FREQUENC
<SOLNBR>SPM7M508Q0197
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5915011289239 FILTER, RADIO FREQUENC: Line 0001 Qty 00039  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 120 days ALine 0002 Qty 00062  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 120 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00062  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 120 days ADOThis is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are 13058 10B726; 13619 RF14368; 14752 G2129A. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M508Q0197/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 3990; COLUMBUS, OH  43218-3990
<SUBJECT>59--REMOTETEST SWITCH
<SOLNBR>SPM7M808T2361
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5930015212600 REMOTETEST SWITCH: Line 0001 Qty 00031  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 01-MAR-08Approved source is 3AX04 01-0-15-125-0FL. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M808T2361/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Columbus BSM
<ZIP>43216-5000
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER COLUMBUS; 3990 EAST BROAD STREET; P.O. BOX 16704; COLUMBUS, OH  43216-5010
<SUBJECT>59--ANTENNA
<SOLNBR>SPM7M908Q0167
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01162008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to DibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5985012639905 ANTENNA: Line 0001 Qty 00023  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN within 90 Line 0002 Qty 00035  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADOLine 0002 Qty 00035  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER within 90 days ADOThis is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are 55635 FVL10-600; 60188 AV207-2. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes may be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCC-BSM/SPM7M908Q0167/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>41
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA; 700 ROBBINS AVENUE; PHILADELPHIA, PA  19111-5092
<SUBJECT>41--GUARD,FANIMPELLER
<SOLNBR>SPM8E508T0765
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4140015533348 GUARD,FANIMPELLER: Line 0001 Qty 00260  UI EA  Deliver To: XU DEF DIST DEPOT SAN JOAQUIN By: 01-AUG-08-08Approved source is 8V613 7-511A21641-19. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/SPM8E508T0765/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>53
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA; 700 ROBBINS AVENUE; PHILADELPHIA, PA  19111-5092
<SUBJECT>53--STUD,TURNLOCKFASTE
<SOLNBR>SPM8E608T2318
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5325014110836 STUD,TURNLOCKFASTE: Line 0001 Qty 02000  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 01-SEP-08Approved source is 29372 CA17237-6HSR. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/SPM8E608T2318/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>53
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA; 700 ROBBINS AVENUE; PHILADELPHIA, PA  19111-5092
<SUBJECT>53--STUD,TURNLOCKFASTE
<SOLNBR>SPM8E608T2319
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5325014112372 STUD,TURNLOCKFASTE: Line 0001 Qty 02500  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 01-SEP-08Approved source is 92215 CA1679-4HSR. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/SPM8E608T2319/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>53
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA; 700 ROBBINS AVENUE; PHILADELPHIA, PA  19111-5092
<SUBJECT>53--BOLT,SHEAR
<SOLNBR>SPM8E608T2345
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5306014542705 BOLT,SHEAR: Line 0001 Qty 00072  UI EA  Deliver To: TRANSPORTATION OFFICER By: 06-OCT-08This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are 06710 BACB30US20-79X; 17943 BACB30US20-79X; 27624 BACB30US20-79X; 56878 BACB30US20-79X; 57928 BACB30US20-79X; 81205 BACB30US20-79X. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/SPM8E608T2345/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>41
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA; 700 ROBBINS AVENUE; PHILADELPHIA, PA  19111-5092
<SUBJECT>41--DUCTADAPTER KIT,AI
<SOLNBR>SPM8EB08T0840
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4130014347665 DUCTADAPTER KIT,AI: Line 0001 Qty 00010  UI EA  Deliver To: FM9133  AFMLO FOC I        KELLYUSA By: 05-DEC-07This is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are . The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/SPM8EB08T0840/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Philadelphia - Construction & Equipment - BSM
<ZIP>19111-5096
<CLASSCOD>81
<OFFADD>DLA, DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA; 700 ROBBINS AVENUE; PHILADELPHIA, PA  19111-5092
<SUBJECT>81--CHANNEL,CONTAINER
<SOLNBR>SPM8ED08T0349
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>01172008
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to dibbsBSM@dla.mil
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 8145012198675 CHANNEL,CONTAINER: Line 0001 Qty 00300  UI EA  Deliver To: XU W0MU USA DEP CORPUS CHRISTI By: 26-OCT-07Approved source is 05259 7-266100001-04-34. The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available. All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered. Quotes must be submitted electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCP-I-BSM/SPM8ED08T0349/listing.html
<DESC>DEFENSE SUPPLY CENTER PHILADELPHIA
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Special Services
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs
<ZIP>21702-5006
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>339114
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Special Services;1432 Sultan Drive;Suite C;Fort Detrick MD  21702
<SUBJECT>65--DENAR CADIAX COMPACT
<SOLNBR>V2030-0016
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>02092008
<CONTACT>Faranda Thomas Purchasing Specialist 301-619-7098
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with (IAW) the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.   This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation RFQ-V2030-0016 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ).  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-22.  No telephone requests will be accepted.  Only written requests received directly from the requester are acceptable.  If requesting by FAX, you may send your request to 301-619-3613, ATTN:  Faranda Thomas.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number is 339114 and the business size standard is 500. REQUESTERS MUST STATE THEIR BUSINESS SIZE ON EACH REQUEST.  Service disabled veterans and veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to submit offers.  The proposed contract listed here is unrestricted. This requirement is manufacturer by Gamma Dental.   Listed below are the required line items for this solicitation: 0001	DENAR CADIAX COMPACT  WITHOUT SOFTWARE MFR:  Gamma Dental OR EQUAL MFR P/N:  20002374 	1	EA This requirement is Brand Name or Equal,  FOB destination delivery date of 11 Jan 2008 to 72 MDSS/SGSL; 5700 Arnold Ave, Bldg 5801; Tinker AFB, OK 73145.  Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial, applies to this acquisition.  The following additional provisions and clauses apply: 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Item, the Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offerors whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered.  The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1) Technically acceptable; and 2) Price.  Technically acceptable is more important than price.  Technically acceptable will be evaluated based on the function and operation of the item.  To be technically acceptable the item shall meet the Government's specifications.  Offerors shall submit descriptive literature, product samples, technical features, and warranty provisions.  Price will be evaluated to determine its fairness, completeness, and reasonableness as it relates to the items offered.  52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items, a completed copy of this provision shall be submitted with the offer.  52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items.  52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, to include clauses:  15, 16, 24, 27, 33.  The following additional clauses apply: CCR Clause: Attention: You must be registered in CCR to be considered for award. FAR 52.204-7, Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003) (B)(2) the offeror shall provide its DUNS or, if applicable, it's DUNS+4 number with its offer, which will be used by the contracting officer to verify that the offeror is registered in the CCR database. (C) Lack of registration in the CCR database will make an offeror ineligible for award.  Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 1-888-227-2423 or 269-961-5757, or via the Internet at http://www.ccr.gov. 52.228-5, Insurance -Work on a Government Installation; 52.242-17, Government Delay of Work;  Electronic Funds: FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by References (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  VAAR 852.219-70, Veteran-owned Small Business; 852.270-4, Commercial Advertising; 852.273-70, Late Offer; 52.219-17, Section 8(a) Award.  Full text clauses are available at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/VFFARa.htm. The Federal Contractor Program requires that any contractor receiving a contract from the Federal Government in the amount of $25,000 or more, or any subcontractor receiving a contract in the amount of $25,000 or more from such a covered contractor must file a VETS-100 Report on an annual basis. **Please ensure that this report has been filled out.   To register, go to http://vets100.cudenver.edu/.  Offers are to be received at the Veterans Affairs Special Services (VASS), 1432 Sultan Drive, Suite C, Ft Detrick MD  21702, ATTN:  Faranda Thomas, no later than 4:00 P.M. eastern daylight time on 11 Dec 2007.  Contact Faranda Thomas, Associate Contract Specialist/YRC I Contractor, at 301-619-7098 or FAX 301-619-3613, Faranda.m.Thomas@amedd.army.mil.  Laura Charles, Contracting Officer, 301-619-8074.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/AFMLOVASS/VASSMD/V2030-0016/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>faranda.m.thomas@amedd.army.mil
<DESC>Purchasing Specialist
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>73145
<POPADDRESS>72 MDSS/SGSL;5700 ARNOLD DRIVE, BLDG 5801;TINKER AFB, OK
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Special Services
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs
<ZIP>21702-5006
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>334517
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Special Services;1432 Sultan Drive;Suite C;Fort Detrick MD  21702
<SUBJECT>65--RADIO FREQUENCY SURGICAL UNIT
<SOLNBR>V2300-0111
<RESPDATE>122607
<ARCHDATE>02242008
<CONTACT>MELISSA KWIATKOWSKI
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with (IAW) the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation RFQ-V2300-0111 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ).  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-19.  No telephone requests will be accepted.  Only written requests received directly from the requester are acceptable.  If requesting by FAX, you may send your request to 301-619-3613, ATTN: Melissa A. Kwiatkowski.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number is 334217 and the business size standard is 500. REQUESTERS MUST STATE THEIR BUSINESS SIZE ON EACH REQUEST.  Small disabled veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to submit offers.  The proposed contract listed here is Set-Aside for 100% small business.  This requirement is manufacture by GYRUS Medical, Inc.  Listed below are the required line items for this solicitation: 0001	GYRUS ENT G3 GENERATOR  MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  70353001 or equal	1	EA	_____________	_______________ 0002 	GYRUS ENT G3 FOOTSWITCH2- PEDAL  MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  70353002 or equal	1	EA	_____________	________________ 0003	POWER CORD USA  MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  720100901 or equal	1	EA	_____________	_______________ 0004	PK 3MM STR AGG TURBINATE  6 each to box MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  70139033 or equal	1	BX	_____________	_______________ 0005	HANDPIECE MODEL 1120 5 each to pack MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  1120411005 or equal	1	PK	_____________	_______________ 0006	HANDPIECE MODEL 1010 5 each to pack MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  1010211005 or equal	1	PK	_____________	_______________ 0007	HANDPIECE MODEL 2220 5 each to pack MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  2220221005 or equal	1	PK	_____________	_______________ 0008	HANDPIECE MODEL 1200 5 each to pack MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  1200211005 or equal	1	PK	_____________	_______________ 0009	HANDPIECE MODEL 2420 5 each to pack MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  2420132805 or equal	1	PK	_____________	_______________ 0010	CABLE RC-2 REUSABLE  MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  7201013 or equal	1	PK	_____________	_______________ 0011	CABLE RC-20 REUSABLE  MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  7201017 or equal	1	PK	_____________	_______________ 0012	NEEDLE SLEEVE BENDING TOOL  MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  7201010 or equal	1	BX	_____________	_______________ 0013	RETURN ELECTRODE 5/PACKAGE  5 each to pack MFR:  GYRUS Medical, Inc MFR PN:  7201001 or equal	1	PK	_____________	_______________ FOB destination delivery date of 31 December 2007 to 88th MDSS/SGSL 4881 Sugar Maple Drive, Wright Patterson Airforce Base, OH 45433. Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial, applies to this acquisition.  The following additional provisions and clauses apply: 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Item, the Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offerors whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered.  The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1) Technically acceptable; 2) Past Performance; and 3) Price.  Technically acceptable is more important than past performance and price.  Technically acceptable will be evaluated based on the function and operation of the item.  To be technically acceptable the item shall meet the Government's specifications.  Offerors shall submit descriptive literature, product samples, technical features, and warranty provisions.  Past performance is considered more important than price.  Past performance will be evaluated to ensure satisfactory business practices and timely performance.  Price will be considered as the least important factor.  Price will be evaluated to determine its fairness, completeness, and reasonableness as it relates to the items offered.  52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items, a completed copy of this provision shall be submitted with the offer.  52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items.  52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, to include clauses: 15,16,17,18, 20, 25ii, 27,  and 33.  52.233-2, Service of Protest.  The following additional clauses apply: CCR Clause: Attention: You must be registered in CCR to be considered for award. FAR 52.204-7, Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003) (B)(2) the offeror shall provide its DUNS or, if applicable, it's DUNS+4 number with its offer, which will be used by the contracting officer to verify that the offeror is registered in the CCR database. (C) Lack of registration in the CCR database will make an offeror ineligible for award.  Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 1-888-227-2423 or 269-961-5757, or via the Internet at http://www.ccr.gov. 52.233-1, Disputes; 52.228-5, Insurance -Work on a Government Installation; 52.242-17, Government Delay of Work; 52.233-1, Disputes. Electronic Funds: FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by References (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  VAAR 852.219-70, Veteran-owned Small Business; 852.270-4, Commercial Advertising; 852.273-70, Late Offer.  Full text clauses are available at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/VFFARa.htm. The Federal Contractor Program requires that any contractor receiving a contract from the Federal Government in the amount of $25,000 or more, or any subcontractor receiving a contract in the amount of $25,000 or more from such a covered contractor must file a VETS-100 Report on an annual basis. **Please ensure that this report has been filled out.   To register, go to http://vets100.cudenver.edu/.  Offers are to be received at the Veterans Affairs Special Services (VASS), 1432 Sultan Drive, Suite C, Ft Detrick MD  21702, ATTN: Melissa A. Kwiatkowski, no later than 4:00 P.M. eastern daylight time on 21 December 2007.  Contact Melissa A. Kwiatowski, Purchasing Agent, at 301-619-7761 or FAX 301-619-3613 or by email at Melissa.kwiatkowski@AMEDD.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/AFMLOVASS/VASSMD/V2300-0111/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>melissa.kwiatkowski@ft-detrick.af.mil
<DESC>Purchasing Agent
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Special Services
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs
<ZIP>21702-5006
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>339115
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Special Services;1432 Sultan Drive;Suite C;Fort Detrick MD  21702
<SUBJECT>65--OPTOVUE RTVUE-100
<SOLNBR>V2504-0016
<RESPDATE>122507
<ARCHDATE>02232008
<CONTACT>MELISSA KWIATKOWSKI
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with (IAW) the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation RFQ- V4604-0016 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ).  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-21.  No telephone requests will be accepted.  Only written requests received directly from the requester are acceptable.  If requesting by FAX, you may send your request to 301-619-3613, ATTN: Melissa A. Kwiatkowski.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number is 339115 and the business size standard is 500. REQUESTERS MUST STATE THEIR BUSINESS SIZE ON EACH REQUEST.  Small disabled veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to submit offers.  The solicitation will be unrestricted.  This requirement is manufacturer by Optovue Inc.  Listed below are the required line items for this solicitation: 0001	Optovue RTVue-100 Fourier- Domain OCT System Includes: RTVue-100 Scanning head module, PC Controller system, Wheelchair accessible table with leveling wheels, High resolution LCD display, Keyboard, Mouse MFR:  Optovue Inc MFR PN:  Optovue RTVue-100 or equal	1	EA	________________	_______________ 0002	Users manual MFR:  Optovue Inc MFR PN:  or equal	1	EA	________________	_________________ 0003 	Power cable MFR:  Optovue Inc MFR PN:  or equal	1	EA	________________	_________________ 0004 	Optovue software for one (1) license MFR:  Optovue Inc MFR PN:  or equal	1	EA	________________	_________________ FOB destination delivery date of 31 January 2007 to 460th Medical Group/SGSL, Attn:  AIC Joshua Slaton , Buckley AFB, CO 80011. Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial, applies to this acquisition.  The following additional provisions and clauses apply: 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Item, the Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offerors whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered.  The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1) Technically acceptable; 2) Past Performance; and 3) Price.  Technically acceptable is more important than past performance and price.  Technically acceptable will be evaluated based on the function and operation of the item.  To be technically acceptable the item shall meet the Government's specifications.  Offerors shall submit descriptive literature, product samples, technical features, and warranty provisions.  Past performance is considered more important than price.  Past performance will be evaluated to ensure satisfactory business practices and timely performance.  Price will be considered as the least important factor.  Price will be evaluated to determine its fairness, completeness, and reasonableness as it relates to the items offered.  52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items, a completed copy of this provision shall be submitted with the offer.  52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items.  52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, to include clauses: 15,16,17,18, 20, 25i, 27,  and 33.  52.233-2, Service of Protest.  The following additional clauses apply: CCR Clause: Attention: You must be registered in CCR to be considered for award. FAR 52.204-7, Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003) (B)(2) the offeror shall provide its DUNS or, if applicable, it's DUNS+4 number with its offer, which will be used by the contracting officer to verify that the offeror is registered in the CCR database. (C) Lack of registration in the CCR database will make an offeror ineligible for award.  Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 1-888-227-2423 or 269-961-5757, or via the Internet at http://www.ccr.gov. 52.233-1, Disputes; 52.228-5, Insurance -Work on a Government Installation; 52.242-17, Government Delay of Work; 52.233-1, Disputes. Electronic Funds: FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by References (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  VAAR 852.219-70, Veteran-owned Small Business; 852.270-4, Commercial Advertising; 852.273-70, Late Offer.  Full text clauses are available at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/VFFARa.htm. The Federal Contractor Program requires that any contractor receiving a contract from the Federal Government in the amount of $25,000 or more, or any subcontractor receiving a contract in the amount of $25,000 or more from such a covered contractor must file a VETS-100 Report on an annual basis. **Please ensure that this report has been filled out.   To register, go to http://vets100.cudenver.edu/.  Offers are to be received at the Veterans Affairs Special Services (VASS), 1432 Sultan Drive, Suite C, Ft Detrick MD  21702, ATTN: Melissa A. Kwiatkowski, no later than 4:00 P.M. eastern daylight time on 15 December 2007.  Contact Melissa A. Kwiatowski, Purchasing Agent, at 301-619-7761 or FAX 301-619-3613 or by email at Melissa.kwiatkowski@AMEDD.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/AFMLOVASS/VASSMD/V2504-0016/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>melissa.kwiatkowski@ft-detrick.af.mil
<DESC>Purchasing Agent
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Special Services
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs
<ZIP>21702-5006
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>334514
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Special Services;1432 Sultan Drive;Suite C;Fort Detrick MD  21702
<SUBJECT>65--FLUKE XRAY SCOPEMETER
<SOLNBR>V3004-0077
<RESPDATE>122607
<ARCHDATE>02242008
<CONTACT>MELISSA KWIATKOWSKI
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with (IAW) the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation RFQ- V3004-0077 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ).  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-19.  No telephone requests will be accepted.  Only written requests received directly from the requester are acceptable.  If requesting by FAX, you may send your request to 301-619-3613, ATTN: Melissa A. Kwiatkowski.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number is 334514 and the business size standard is 500. REQUESTERS MUST STATE THEIR BUSINESS SIZE ON EACH REQUEST.  Small disabled veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to submit offers.  The proposed contract listed here is unrestricted.  This requirement is manufacturer by Fluke Biomedical RMS.  Listed below are the required line items for this solicitation: 0001	35080M and 199Xray sold together as a package MFR:  Fluke Biomedical RMS MFR PN:  35080M199XRAY or equal	6	EA	________________	_______________ 0002 	Kit- Non-Invasive Mini kVp divider MFR:  Fluke Biomedical RMS MFR PN:  35080MK or equal	6	EA	________________	_________________ 0003 	Mini kVp divider MFR:  Fluke Biomedical RMS MFR PN:  35080M or equal	6	EA	________________	_________________ 0004 	Wide range filter pack MFR:  Fluke Biomedical RMS MFR PN:  37617 or equal	6	EA	________________	_________________ 0005 	Carrying case assembly, kVp meter MFR:  Fluke Biomedical RMS MFR PN:  1210029000 or equal	6	EA	________________	_________________ 0006 	Fluke 199xray, biomedical Xray scopemeter MFR:  Fluke Biomedical RMS MFR PN:  199XRAY  or equal	6	EA	________________	_________________ FOB destination delivery date of 31 January 2007 to 882nd TRSS/TRSL,  939 Missile Road, Bldg- 1919 suite 2, Shepard AFB, TX 76311-2245. Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial, applies to this acquisition.  The following additional provisions and clauses apply: 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Item, the Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offerors whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered.  The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1) Technically acceptable; 2) Past Performance; and 3) Price.  Technically acceptable is more important than past performance and price.  Technically acceptable will be evaluated based on the function and operation of the item.  To be technically acceptable the item shall meet the Government's specifications.  Offerors shall submit descriptive literature, product samples, technical features, and warranty provisions.  Past performance is considered more important than price.  Past performance will be evaluated to ensure satisfactory business practices and timely performance.  Price will be considered as the least important factor.  Price will be evaluated to determine its fairness, completeness, and reasonableness as it relates to the items offered.  52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items, a completed copy of this provision shall be submitted with the offer.  52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items.  52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, to include clauses: 15,16,17,18, 20, 25ii, 27,  and 33.  52.233-2, Service of Protest.  The following additional clauses apply: CCR Clause: Attention: You must be registered in CCR to be considered for award. FAR 52.204-7, Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003) (B)(2) the offeror shall provide its DUNS or, if applicable, it's DUNS+4 number with its offer, which will be used by the contracting officer to verify that the offeror is registered in the CCR database. (C) Lack of registration in the CCR database will make an offeror ineligible for award.  Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 1-888-227-2423 or 269-961-5757, or via the Internet at http://www.ccr.gov. 52.233-1, Disputes; 52.228-5, Insurance -Work on a Government Installation; 52.242-17, Government Delay of Work; 52.233-1, Disputes. Electronic Funds: FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by References (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  VAAR 852.219-70, Veteran-owned Small Business; 852.270-4, Commercial Advertising; 852.273-70, Late Offer.  Full text clauses are available at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/VFFARa.htm. The Federal Contractor Program requires that any contractor receiving a contract from the Federal Government in the amount of $25,000 or more, or any subcontractor receiving a contract in the amount of $25,000 or more from such a covered contractor must file a VETS-100 Report on an annual basis. **Please ensure that this report has been filled out.   To register, go to http://vets100.cudenver.edu/.  Offers are to be received at the Veterans Affairs Special Services (VASS), 1432 Sultan Drive, Suite C, Ft Detrick MD  21702, ATTN: Melissa A. Kwiatkowski, no later than 4:00 P.M. eastern daylight time on 15 December 2007.  Contact Melissa A. Kwiatowski, Purchasing Agent, at 301-619-7761 or FAX 301-619-3613 or by email at Melissa.kwiatkowski@AMEDD.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/AFMLOVASS/VASSMD/V3004-0077/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>melissa.kwiatkowski@ft-detrick.af.mil
<DESC>Purchasing Agent
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Special Services
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs
<ZIP>21702-5006
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>334119
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Special Services;1432 Sultan Drive;Suite C;Fort Detrick MD  21702
<SUBJECT>65--MEDICATION DISPENSER
<SOLNBR>V5004-7005
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>02152008
<CONTACT>Kimberly Hannan Purchasing Agent 301-619-7551
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation RFQ-V5004-7005 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ).  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-20.  No telephone requests will be accepted.  Only written requests received directly from the requester are acceptable.  If requesting by FAX, you may send your request to 301-619-6646, ATTN: Kimberly Hannan.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number is 334119 and the business size standard is 1,000. REQUESTERS MUST STATE THEIR BUSINESS SIZE ON EACH REQUEST.  Service disabled veterans and veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to submit offers The proposed contract listed here is 100% small business set aside.  Line Item 0001 PARATA APM (AUTOMATED PRODUCT MACHINE) FRONT ACCESS CONFIGURATION - PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS: HEIGHT: 78 ? IN., WIDTH: 46IN., DEPTH: 33IN.,  WEIGHT: 800LBS.,  POWER REQUIREMENTS: 110 VOLTS AC, 60 Hz, MAXIMUM DRAW IS 12 AMPS, SURGE SUPPRESSOR STRIP IS IDEAL, ADMIN SOFTWARE: PROCESSOR: 2.5ghz, RAM: 512mb, USB PORTS: 2, OS: WINDOWS XP HOME OR PROFESSIONAL, SERIAL PORTS: 1, NETWORK CARD: 1-10/100 CONNECTION - MFR: PARATA SYSTEMS  - MFR P/N: APM-448 or equal - 1 EA -  UNIT PRICE _________________, TOTAL PRICE___________________. Line Item 0002  APM INSTALLATION & TRAINING - 1 EA -  UNIT PRICE__________, TOTAL PRICE__________.  Line Item 0003  APM DELIVERY - 1 EA - UNIT PRICE__________, TOTAL PRICE__________. Equal items require specification sheets, manufacturer, and part numbers. FOB destination delivery date of 30 JANUARY 2007 to 354 MDSS/SGSLM 2630 Central Ave, Suite 1N07 Eielson AFB, AL 99702.  Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial, applies to this acquisition.  The following additional provisions and clauses apply: 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Item, the Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offerors whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered.  The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1) Technically acceptable; 2) Past Performance; and 3) Price.  Technically acceptable is more important than past performance and price.  Technically acceptable will be evaluated based on the function and operation of the item.  To be technically acceptable the item shall meet the Government's specifications.  Offerors shall submit descriptive literature, product samples, technical features, and warranty provisions.  Past performance is considered more important than price.  Past performance will be evaluated to ensure satisfactory business practices and timely performance.  Price will be considered as the least important factor.  Price will be evaluated to determine its fairness, completeness, and reasonableness as it relates to the items offered.  52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items, a completed copy of this provision shall be submitted with the offer.  52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items.  52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, to include clauses: 5,15,16,17,18, 20, 22, 25, 27, and 33.  The following additional clauses apply: CCR Clause: Attention: You must be registered in CCR to be considered for award. FAR 52.204-7, Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003) (B)(2) the offeror shall provide its DUNS or, if applicable, it's DUNS+4 number with its offer, which will be used by the contracting officer to verify that the offeror is registered in the CCR database. (C) Lack of registration in the CCR database will make an offeror ineligible for award.  Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 1-888-227-2423 or 269-961-5757, or via the Internet at http://www.ccr.gov. Electronic Funds: FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by References (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  Upon request, the contracting officer will make their full text available. Offers are to be received at the Veterans Affairs Special Services (VASS), 1432 Sultan Drive, Suite C, Ft Detrick MD  21702, ATTN: Kimberly Hannan, no later than 4:00 P.M. eastern daylight time on 17 Dec 2007.  Contact Kimberly Hannan, Purchasing Agent, at 301-619-7551 or FAX 301-619-6646. Laura Charles, Contracting Officer, 301-619-8074.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/AFMLOVASS/VASSMD/V5004-7005/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>KIM.HANNAN@AMEDD.ARMY.MIL
<DESC>Purchasing Agent
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>99702
<POPADDRESS>354 MDSS/SGSLM;2630 CENTRAL AVE, SUITE 1N07;EIELSON AFB, AK 99702
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Special Services
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs
<ZIP>21702-5006
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DEPARTMENT OF VETERAN AFFAIRS;Special Services;1432 Sultan Drive;Suite C;Fort Detrick MD  21702
<SUBJECT>65--CYLINDER
<SOLNBR>V9133-0122
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>02152008
<CONTACT>MELISSA KWIATKOWSKI
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with (IAW) the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation RFQ- V9133-0122 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ).  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-19.  No telephone requests will be accepted.  Only written requests received directly from the requester are acceptable.  If requesting by FAX, you may send your request to 301-619-3613, ATTN: Melissa A. Kwiatkowski.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number is 336413 and the business size standard is 1,000. REQUESTERS MUST STATE THEIR BUSINESS SIZE ON EACH REQUEST.  Small disabled veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to submit offers.  The proposed contract listed here is Set-Aside for 100% small business.  This requirement is manufacturer by AVOX SYSTEMS INC.  Listed below are the required line items for this solicitation: 0001	Cylinder and Oxygen Regulator MFR:  AVOX SYSTEMS INC MFR PN:  9000A3 or equal	46	EA	________________	_______________ 0002 	Oxygen Carrying Case MFR:  AVOX SYSTEMS INC MFR PN:  588-601  or equal	46	EA	________________	_________________ FOB destination delivery date of 18 January 2008 to AFMLO/FOW, KELLY USA, 601 Davy Crockett Road - Bldg 1534, San Antonio, TX 78226. Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial, applies to this acquisition.  The following additional provisions and clauses apply: 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Item, the Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offerors whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered.  The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1) Technically acceptable; 2) Past Performance; and 3) Price.  Technically acceptable is more important than past performance and price.  Technically acceptable will be evaluated based on the function and operation of the item.  To be technically acceptable the item shall meet the Government's specifications.  Offerors shall submit descriptive literature, product samples, technical features, and warranty provisions.  Past performance is considered more important than price.  Past performance will be evaluated to ensure satisfactory business practices and timely performance.  Price will be considered as the least important factor.  Price will be evaluated to determine its fairness, completeness, and reasonableness as it relates to the items offered.  52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items, a completed copy of this provision shall be submitted with the offer.  52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items.  52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, to include clauses: 1,3,7,15,16,17,18, 19, 20, 21, 22,25, 27,  and 33.  52.233-2, Service of Protest, 852.233-70   Protest content. , 852.233-71   Alternate Protest Procedure. The following additional clauses apply: CCR Clause: Attention: You must be registered in CCR to be considered for award. FAR 52.204-7, Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003) (B)(2) the offeror shall provide its DUNS or, if applicable, it's DUNS+4 number with its offer, which will be used by the contracting officer to verify that the offeror is registered in the CCR database. (C) Lack of registration in the CCR database will make an offeror ineligible for award.  Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 1-888-227-2423 or 269-961-5757, or via the Internet at http://www.ccr.gov. 52.233-1, Disputes; 52.228-5, Insurance -Work on a Government Installation; 52.242-17, Government Delay of Work; 52.233-1, Disputes. Electronic Funds: FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by References (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  VAAR 852.219-70, Veteran-owned Small Business; 852.270-4, Commercial Advertising; 852.273-70, Late Offer.  Full text clauses are available at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/VFFARa.htm. The Federal Contractor Program requires that any contractor receiving a contract from the Federal Government in the amount of $25,000 or more, or any subcontractor receiving a contract in the amount of $25,000 or more from such a covered contractor must file a VETS-100 Report on an annual basis. **Please ensure that this report has been filled out.   To register, go to http://vets100.cudenver.edu/.  Offers are to be received at the Veterans Affairs Special Services (VASS), 1432 Sultan Drive, Suite C, Ft Detrick MD  21702, ATTN: Melissa A. Kwiatkowski, no later than 4:00 P.M. eastern daylight time on 21 December 2007.  Contact Melissa A. Kwiatowski, Purchasing Agent, at 301-619-7761 or FAX 301-619-3613 or by email at Melissa.kwiatkowski@AMEDD.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/AFMLOVASS/VASSMD/V9133-0122/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>melissa.kwiatkowski@ft-detrick.af.mil
<DESC>Purchasing Agent
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Phoenix VAMC
<LOCATION>Carl T. Hayden Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>85012
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>721110
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Contracting Section (90C);650 E Indian School RD;Phoenix AZ  85012
<SUBJECT>V--CONFERENCE SPACE
<SOLNBR>VA-258-08-RQ-0029
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>01092008
<CONTACT>Bonny J Walter Contracting Officer 602-200-2310
<DESC>POC: Bonny Walter, Contracting Officer VISN 18, 650 E Indian School Road, Phoenix, AZ  85012-1892. DESCRIPTION: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation to negotiate a Firm Fixed Price type contract for Hotel Accommodations, Conference Space Rental and Hotel Services located in the geographic areas:  Phoenix, AZ metropolitan area.    Request for Quote VA258-08-RQ-0029 is in accordance with FAR Subpart 12.6-Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items. This is not a solicitation for Event Planning Services.  For a proposal submitted by an offeror that is not a hotel, the offeror, not the hotel, is to be considered the prime contractor.  Therefore, that offeror must describe in its proposal the technical approach for the offeror's services as a prime contractor and must also include a copy of all insurance(s) (standard business, liability, extraordinary insurances) in order to submit a complete technical proposal for evaluation purposes.  (Again, this is not a solicitation for Event Planning Services.  An offer which requires the Government to execute a separate agreement with a third party hotel shall be deemed technically unacceptable.)   This announcement incorporates FAR provisions and clauses in effect through FAR FAC 2005-21, Effective November 7, 2007 and VA Information Letter 90-01-9 dated September 5, 2001. NAICS Code 721110 and the small business size standard is $6 million.  This FBO announcement/solicitation is solicited unrestricted and constitutes the only bid document that will be issued.   The Period of Performance for this requirement is April 28-May 01, 2008 (approximately 35 sleeping rooms, and required meeting space). No other dates will be considered at this time.  The Department of Veteran Affairs, Veterans Integrated Service Network 18, is sponsoring a conference entitled "Prosthetic Manager Conference for VISN 18".  The hotel must accommodate 35 sleeping rooms (based on the timeframe), must provide all requirements specified for conference needs in Parts A, B, C and D below, and must provide lodging rates within the stated Government Per Diem.  A separate written solicitation document will not be issued.   A response to requirements listed below shall be submitted on letterhead and must address all requirements listed in a separate technical proposal.  A Hotel Contract shall be submitted with your technical and price proposal, along with descriptive literature to include sleeping rooms, meeting room space, diagrams and square footage, information (availability/cost) on amenities of hotel i.e., parking, shuttle services; transportation to/from airport, menus.  The hotel facility must be FEMA approved and listed on the U.S. Fire Administration Hotel and Motel National Master List found at  http://www.usfa.fema.gov/hotel/search.cfm.  In accordance with FAR 52.204.7 - Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003); contractors are Required To Register in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database http://www.ccr.gov,  PRIOR to award of any contract.  In addition, the offeror's facility must be compliant with the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act (Public Law 101-336) (42 U.S.C. 12101 et. Seq.). The hotel facility must accommodate an estimated 35 attendees with the following needs:   Part A: Hotel Lodging- (1a) 35 sleeping rooms on Monday, April 28, 2008 through Thursday, May 01, 2008; group will check out on Friday, May 2, 2008.  Rooms must be individual/private sleeping rooms with toilet facilities at government seasonal per diem rate for Phoenix, AZ ($181.00 maximum).  Payments for Part A shall be the sole responsibility of each participant, to include no-shows fee.  Part B: (1) Meeting Space-General Session Meeting Room to be held on a 24 hours basis starting with set-up for room and AV equipment on Tuesday, April 29, 2008 beginning at 7:00 am through Thursday, May 1, 2008 at 4:30 pm.  Set for 35 U shaped meeting table seating style w ith the U open towards the projection screen and able to accommodate wheelchairs. Also need to accommodate 9 microphones and one wireless microphone, projection cart or table for LCD projector, laptop computer/provided by presenter, screen appropriate for room and audience size, soundboard, VCR projector, and speaker phone with outside phone line.  Additional table at the back of the room for the Continental Breakfast and drinks only plus a large wastepaper basket in the back of the room.  Approx. 750-800 square feet or larger room with NO pillars needed All meeting space and public areas of facility MUST be ADA compliant.   Part C:  Anticipate light refreshment for morning and afternoon breaks for Tuesday and Wednesday and a morning break only on Thursday, please provide Menus and Prices.  The Federal Government policy does not permit a guaranteed amount of food and beverage revenue.  Part D:  Location Requirements:  1.  Facilities that are located in the Cambridge section of Boston metropolitan area will receive the highest consideration as this is the most desirable location area for this event.  2.  Variety of restaurants with walking distance (not to exceed 4 normal blocks) in safe area.   3.  Walking distance in safe area or complimentary shuttle to nearby eating facilities.  Proposal must indicate whether the hotel agrees to the right of DVA to use their own audiovisual equipment and if there is a cost incurred for connection to hotel sound system with use of own equipment.  NOTE:  Government reserves the right to hire an outside audiovisual company without any penalties incurred as part of the fair practice procurement regulations.  Award will be made to the offeror determined to be the Best Value to the Government in accordance with FAR 52.212-2 evaluation factors. Evaluation may be made with or without discussions with the offeror(s). Technical proposals will be evaluated for size, quality of services and accommodations, location, and experience with large conferences.  VA reserves the right to conduct an on-site inspection of offered facilities.  Prices will be evaluated in terms of cost for accommodations and service, cancellation and attrition, refreshments.  All responsible sources that can meet the requirements and provide items as listed above may respond to this solicitation by submitting cost and technical proposals, hotel contract and descriptive literature.   For a technical proposal submitted by an offeror that is not a hotel, the offeror, not the hotel, is to be considered the prime contractor.  Therefore, that offeror must describe in its proposal the technical approach for the offeror's services as a prime contractor and must also include a copy of all insurance(s) (Standard business, liability, extraordinary insurances) in order to submit a complete technical proposal for evaluation purposes.  (This is not a solicitation for Event Planning Services.  An offer which requires for the Government to execute a separate agreement with a third party hotel shall be deemed technically unacceptable.)  Any offer that does not meet the solicitation requirements will be rejected as nonresponsive.  The following provisions and clauses shall apply to this solicitation: 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference. This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): http://www.arnet.gov/far  (FAR) and http://www.va.govoa&mm/vaar/  (VAAR); 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items; 52.212-2 Evaluation Commercial Items (factors listed in descending order of importance: 1.  Size and quality of services and accommodations (40% weighted); 2.  Location (30% weighted); 3. Experience with large conferences (30% weighted), and 4.  Price.  Size and quality of services and accommodations, location and experience with large conferences, when combined are more important than price); 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certification-Commercial Items - Online ORCA http://www.bpn.gov   Offerors must include a completed copy printed of Offeror Representations and Certification ORCAA registration along with his/her offer); 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items; 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes on Executive Orders Commercial Items and in accordance with FAR 12.603(c )(2)(xii) the following provisions under the clause apply (b)(11)-(b)(15), (b)(19)(i), (b)(21), (b)(25) (b)(26) applies if Government Purchase Card is used, (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4); FAR 52.232-18 Availability of Funds; VAAR 852.270-4 Commercial Advertising; 852.237-70 Contractor Responsibilities; and 852.270-1 Representatives of Contracting Officers.  Proposals shall include all information required in 52.212-1, Schedule of Prices Offered, and a completed copy of provision 52-212-3.   Submit all price, descriptive literature, technical proposals, and Hotel Contract to Bonny Walter Contracting Officer, VISN 18, 650 E Indian School Rd., Phoenix, AZ 85012-1892. Phone: 602-200-2310, FAX: 602-200-2314, email: Bonny.Walter@VA.GOV.  Faxed proposals will be accepted.  Closing date for receipt of proposals is Monday, December 10, 2007 at 3:00 PM Arizona time.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/PhVAMC/HMC/VA-258-08-RQ-0029/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Bonny.Walter@va.gov
<DESC>Bonny Walter, Contracting Officer
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA Corporate Franchise Data Center
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Corporate Franchise Data Center
<ZIP>78772
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>721110
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Education SVC;1615 Woodward Street;Austin TX  78772
<SUBJECT>V--"Conference Space Rental & Hotel Services"
<SOLNBR>VA-777-08-RP-0047
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>02092008
<CONTACT>DEBORAH COONEY EVENT MANAGER/CONTRACTING OFFICER 631.754.7914 x2905
<DESC>Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation to negotiate a Firm Fixed Price type contract for Hotel Accommodations and Conference Space located in the Albuquerque, NM area - 1st Choice Location, Seattle, WA area - 2nd Choice Location, OR in the Las Vegas, NV area - 3rd Choice Location.     Request for Proposal VA-777-08-RP-0047 is in accordance with FAR Subpart  12.6-Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items.   This is not a solicitation for Event Planning Services.  For a proposal submitted by an offeror that is not a hotel, the offeror, not the hotel, is to be considered the prime contractor.  Therefore, that offeror must describe in its proposal the technical approach for the offeror's services as a prime contractor and must also include a copy of all insurance(s) (standard business, liability, extraordinary insurances) in order to submit a complete technical proposal for evaluation purposes.  (Again, this is not a solicitation for Event Planning Services.  An offer which requires the Government to execute a separate agreement with a third party hotel shall be deemed technically unacceptable.)   This announcement incorporates FAR provisions and clauses in effect through  FAR Fac 2005-17, Effective 14 Jun 2008 and VAAR 97-10. NAICS Code 721110 and the small business size standard is $6,5 million.  This BOS announcement/solicitation is solicited unrestricted and constitutes the only bid document that will be issued.   The Period of Performance for this requirement is April 13-18, 2008 (approximately 250 sleeping rooms (peak night), and the required meeting space for approximately 250). The Department of Veteran Affairs, Employee Education System (EES) is sponsoring a training conference on the topic of "Optimizing Clinical Performance Through Systems Management III".  The hotel must accommodate 250 sleeping rooms (based on the timeframe), and shall provide all requirements specified for conference needs in Parts A, B and C below, and lodging rates must be within the Government Per Diem rate or lower for the area.  A response to requirements listed shall be submitted on letterhead and must address all requirements listed in a separate technical proposal.   A Hotel Contract shall be submitted with your proposal, along with descriptive literature to include sleeping rooms, meeting room space, diagrams and square footage, information (availability/cost) on amenities of hotel i.e., parking, shuttle services; transportation to/from airport, menus.   To be eligible for award under this solicitation, the hotel facility must be FEMA approved and listed on the U.S. Fire Administration Hotel and Motel National Master List found at http://www.usfa.fema.gov/hotel/search.cfm and also on the Central Contractor Registration website (www.ccr.gov).  Offers proposed facilities that are not listed will be rejected as non-responsive.  In addition, the offeror's facility must be compliant with the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act (Public Law 101-336) (42 U.S.C. 12101 et. Seq.).   The hotel facility must accommodate an estimated 250 attendees with the following needs:   Part A:  Hotel Lodging - Approximately 75 sleeping rooms for arrival on Sunday, 4/13/08, additional 175 sleeping rooms for participants' arrival on Monday, 4/14/08, (totaling 250 sleeping rooms) all checking out Friday, 04/18/08.  Rooms must be individual/private sleeping rooms with toilet facilities at government per diem rate for the Albuquerque, NM area (currently $75)-1st choice location, OR government per diem rate for Seattle, WA area (currently $152) - 2nd choice location OR government per diem rate for Las Vegas, NV area (currently $124) - 3rd choice location.  Payments for Part A shall be the sole responsibility of each participant, to include no-shows fee.  Individuals to call in with their own credit cards by a cut off date (approximately 3-4 weeks prior to check in.)  Part B:  Meeting Space (General Session Meeting Room) for Sunday, 4/13/08 from 12:00 pm - 8:00 pm for anticipated A/V set-up, for Monday, 4/14/08 from 6:00 am - 6:00 pm, Tuesday, 4/15/08 from 6:00 am - 6:00 pm, Wednesday, 4/16/08 from 6:00 am - 6:00 pm,  and Thursday, 4/17/08 from 6:00 am - 2:00 pm to accommodate 250ppl set classroom style with center and side aisles, without pillars and 11 ft or greater ceiling; one elevated head table for four (4) Panel Members (two (2) 8 ft skirted tables) and/or faculty materials with one (1) standing lectern in the front of the General Session room. (24-hour hold).  AV equipment anticipated for general session meeting. Faculty/Staff Table in BACK of room with 4-Chairs. Registration table to be set-up outside of the General Session Meeting Room (two 8ft skirted tables with four chairs and two waste baskets, beginning 4/13/08 at 12:00 pm and ending 4/17/08 at 2:00pm (24-hour hold). Anticipate the need for hard-wired internet connection (2mbps or more upload/download), at registration desk. In addition to the General Session:  Tuesday 4/15/08 and Wednesday, 4/16/08, (4) Breakout Rooms for 75ppl, each room set theater style with center and side aisles from 8:00am - 6:00pm on Tuesday 4/15/08 and Wednesday, 4/16/08 ONLY. Each breakout room anticipates AV, one head table for four (4) Panel Members (two (2) 6 ft   skirted tables) and/or faculty materials with one (1) standing lectern in the front of the breakout room.   From 8:00 am Monday 4/13/08 to 5:00 pm, Wednesday, 4/16/08 one (1) Poster Room able to accommodate thirty (30) to fifty (50) 6 ft long by 4 ft high posters on rolling corkboards.(24-hour hold)  Poster Room to be in close proximity to General Session Room and Breakout Rooms.   Part C:  Separate Room required for anticipated dinner event on 4/15/08 from 3:00 pm - 9:00 pm, room set with rounds of eight (8) or ten (10) for 250 ppl, one (1) elevated standing lectern in the front of the dinner room for educational presentation and awards.   Anticipate A/V for dinner event. Anticipate light refreshments for morning and/or afternoon breaks, 4/14/08 - 4/17/08 (conference ends at Noon on 4/17/08).  Please provide menus.  The Federal Government policy does not permit a guaranteed amount of food and beverage revenue. Part D:  Other requirements; variety of restaurants and shops within walking distance (not to exceed 4 normal blocks) in a safe area.  Proposal must indicate whether the hotel agrees to the right of DVA to use their own audiovisual equipment and if there is a cost incurred for connection to hotel sound system with use of own equipment.  NOTE:  Government reserves the right to hire an outside audiovisual company without any penalties incurred as part of the fair practice procurement regulations at not additional cost to the Government. Award will be made to the offeror determined to be the Best Value to the Government in accordance with FAR 52.212-2 evaluation factors.  Evaluation may be made with or without discussions with the offeror(s).  The technical proposals will be evaluated for size, quality of services and accommodations, location, and experience with large conferences.  VA reserves the right to conduct an on-site inspection of offered facilities.  Prices will be evaluated in terms of cost for accommodations and services, cancellation, attrition and refreshments.  All responsible sources that can meet the requirements and provide items as listed above may respond to this solicitation by submitting cost and technical proposals, hotel contract and descriptive literature.    For a proposal submitted by an offeror that is not a hotel, the offeror, not the hotel, is to be considered the prime contractor.  Therefore, that offeror must describe in its proposal the technical approach for the offeror's services as a prime contractor and must also include a copy of all insurance(s) (standard business, liability, extraordinary insurances) in order to submit a complete technical proposal for evaluation purposes.  (This is not a solicitation for Event Planning Services.  An offer which requires the Government to execute a separate agreement with a third party hotel shall be deemed technically unacceptable.)   The following provisions and clauses shall apply to this solicitation: 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference.  This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address (es): http://www.arnet.gov/far (FAR) and http://www.va.govoa&mm/vaar/ (VAAR); 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items; 52.212-2 Evaluation Commercial Items (factors listed in descending order of importance: 1.  Size and quality of services and accommodations; 2.  Location; 3. Experience with large conferences, and 4.  Price (cost of accommodations, services, cancellation fee, attrition and refreshments).  Size and quality of services and accommodations, location and experience with large conferences, when combined are more important than price); 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certification-Commercial Items. Offerors must include a completed copy of the FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certification along with his/her proposal;  FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items; 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes on Executive Orders Commercial Items and in accordance with FAR 12.603(c) (2)(xii) the following provisions under the clause apply (b)(11)-(b)(15), (b)(19)(i), (b)(21), (b)(25) (b)(26) applies if Government Purchase Card is used, (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4); FAR 52.232-18 Availability of Funds; VAAR 852.270-4 Commercial Advertising; 852.237-70 Contractor Responsibilities; and 852.270-1 Representatives of Contracting Officers.  Proposals shall include all information required in FAR 52.212-1, Schedule of Prices Offered, and a completed copy of provision FAR 52-212-3.  Submit all price, descriptive literature, technical proposals, and Hotel Contract to: Deborah Cooney Event Manager/Contracting Officer Department of Veterans Affairs Employee Education System Northport Employee Education Resource Center 79 Middleville Road, Bldg. 7 (141D) Northport, NY  11768   Phone (631) 754-7914, X2905 Fax (631) 266-6095, or email deborah.cooney@va.gov.  Faxed proposals will be accepted.  Closing date for receipt of proposals is Tuesday, December 11, 2007 at 4:00 PM, EST.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VAAAC/VAAAC/VA-777-08-RP-0047/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>deborah.cooney@va.gov
<DESC>POC e-mail address
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07
<ZIP>07703-5008
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334418
<OFFADD>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07, ATTN:  AMSEL-AC, Building 1208, Fort Monmouth, NJ  07703-5008
<SUBJECT>59--PCMCIA Circuit Card Assembly, NSN: 7045-01-519-5103, Commercial Part No.: SSD-PO2GI-3068
<SOLNBR>W15P7T08RB001
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>02122008
<CONTACT>raina.derrick, (732) 532-1532
<DESC>Synopsis/Solicitation No.: W15P7T-08-R-B001 This is a combined synopsis and solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 12.6  Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items found under FAR 13.5  Test Program for Ce rtain Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation  a proposal is being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued.  The solicitation numb er assigned to this effort is No.: W15P7T-08-R-B001. This effort is intended to be awarded on a sole source basis to Falcon Electronics Inc., 47 Mall Drive, Commack, NY 11725 under the authority of 10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1).  The solicitation document, incorporated provisions, and clauses are those in effect thro ugh Federal Acquisition Circular No.: 2005-21.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this effort is 334418 with the corresponding Small Business size standard of 500 employees.  The U.S. Army CECOM Life Cycle Management Command (CECOM LCMC), Fort Monmouth, NJ 07703 intends to award a firm-fixed-price type contract for quantity (358) each, PCMCIA Circuit Card Assembly, NSN: 7045-01-519-5103, Commercial Part No.: SSD-PO2GI-3068. The  period of performance for this award will be sixty (60) days. The offeror shall provide the terms of their commercial warranty with their proposal.  The delivery schedule shall be quantity (358) each, sixty (60) days after contract. Accelerated delivery a t no additional cost to the Government is accepted and encouraged.  Packaging requirements shall be in accordance with Standard Practice for Commercial Packaging. Inspection and Acceptance shall be at SOURCE.  Shipments are to be FOB DESTINATION, FAR 52.24 7-34, to DoDAAC:  W25G1U, XU Transportation Officer, DDSP New Cumberland Facility 1, 2001 Mission Drive Door 113-134, New Cumberland, PA 17070-5001. The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) assigned rating for this acquisition is DOA7. Numbered Note(s):  22  There will be one CLIN, 0001, for quantity (358) each PCMCIA Circuit Card Assembly, NSN: 7045-01-519-5103, Commercial Part No.: SSD-PO2GI-3068. The following provisions apply to this acquisition:   FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors  Commercial Items,  FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions  Commercial Items.  FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders                Commercial Items.  In accordance with FAR 52.212-5(b), the following clauses also apply: 	FAR 52.222-3, 52.222-19, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.222-39, 52.232-33 DFARS 252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive              Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items.  In accordance with DFARS             252.212-7001(b), the following clause also applies: 252.232-7003  The offeror shall include a completed copy of the provision FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certification  Commercial Items, Alternate I with their offer. Additional provisions and clauses applicable to this acquisition are as follows: FAR 52.204-7 Central Contractor Registration,  FAR 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense Use, FAR 52.211-15, Defense Priority and Allocation Requirements, FAR 52.222-39, Notification of Employee Rights Concerning Payment of Union Dues or Fees FAR 52.223-11, Ozone-Depleting Substances, FAR 52.227-1, Authorization and Consent, FAR 52.227-2, Notice of Assistance Regarding Patent and Copyright Infringement, FAR 52.227-6, Royalty Information, FAR 52.227-9, Refund of Royalties, FAR 52.232-23, Assignment of Claims, Alternate I, FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer  Central Contractor Registration, FAR 52.233-1, Disputes, FAR 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach o f Contract Claim, FAR 52.243-1, Changes  Fixed Price, FAR 52.246-2, Inspection of Supplies -- Fixed-Price, FAR 52.246-15, Certificate of Conformance, FAR 52.247-34, F.O.B. Destination, FAR 52.247-48, F.O.B. Destination  Evidence of Shipment, FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference, FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference, DFARS 252.204-7003, Control of Government Personnel Work Product, DFARS 252.209-7001, Disclosure of Ownership or Control by the Government of a Terrorist                           Country DFARS 252.209-7004, Subcontracting with Firms that are Owned or Controlled by the Government                           of a Terrorist County, DFARS 252.211-7006, Radio Frequency Identification, DFARS 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments, The full text of these provisions and clauses, with noted exception to the below-listed local clauses, may be obtained by accessing either of the following: http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/index.html or http://www.acqnet.gov/far/	 The following clauses are local CECOM Life Cycle Management Command (CECOM LCMC) clauses.  If needed, the offeror shall request a copy of these local clauses from the Contract Specialist:  52.6106, Notice: Solicitation Ombudsman  52.6076, Army Electronic Invoicing Instructions, 52.6110, Mandatory Use of Contractor to Government Electronic Mail, 52.6115, Material Inspection and Receiving Reports, DD Form 250, DFARS Appendix F, 52.7043,  Standard Practice for Commercial Packaging,  52.7047, Bar Code Marking 52.7050, Administrative Data/Instructions to the Paying Office, 52.7080, DFAS Columbus Web Invoicing System, 52.7630, Year 2000 Compliance Statement of Work 1.0 Scope.  This Statement of Work (SOW) defines the efforts required to produce the PCMCIA Circuit Card Assembly, NSN 7045-01-519-5103 required by this solicitation in accordance with the Documents listed below.   2.0 Applicable Documents.  The following documents are applicable to the extent cited. 2.1      Military 	and Federal Stds	 	   Document	No.	Document Title	Applicability MIL-STD-129 w/Change 3	Military Marking for Shipment and Storage	Required 2.2      Military	 and Federal Specs	 	   Document	No.	Document Title	Applicability 	NONE		 2.3      Other 	DoD Documents	 	   Document	No.	Document Title	Applicability 	NONE		 2.4      Coml	Documents	 	  Document	No.	Document Title	Applicability ISPM	Number 15 	Guidelines for Regulating Wood Packaging Material in International Trade w/Mod to Annex I  2006	Required 3.0 Requirements. The contractor shall produce and deliver the PCMCIA Circuit Card Assembly (CCA), NSN 7045-01-519-5103, Part number SSD-PO2GI-3068 in accordance with terms and quantities set forth in the contract and in accordance with the requirements of  this SOW.  The PCMCIA CCA shall work with the expanded data transfer unit installed on the AH-64 Apache helicopter and is able to receive and execute destructive zeroize commands from the related aircraft systems.  In the event of a conflict between the r equirements of this SOW and any drawings for the item on contract, the requirements of this SOW shall govern. 3.1.  Requirements for Packaging.  Preservation, packaging, and marking shall be in accordance with (IAW) Section D of the Contract.  Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Requirements shall be IAW the Section I clause, DFARS 252.211-7006/PADDs No. IA0 001, of the contract. Wood Packaging Material (WPM) shall meet the requirements below. 3.1.1.  Wood packaging material (WPM) includes but is not limited to pallets, skids, load boards, pallet collars, wooden boxes, reels, dunnage, crates, frame and cleats. This requirement excludes materials that have undergone a manufacturing process, such as corrugated fiberboard, plywood, particleboard, veneer, and oriented strand board (OSD).  3.1.2.  All WPM shall meet the requirements of  International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures (ISPM) Number 15, Guidelines for Regulating Wood Packaging Material in International Trade. DoD shipments inside and outside of the United States shall meet the requirements of ISPM 15 whenever WPM is used to ship DoD cargo. 3.1.3.  All WPM shall comply with the official quality control program for heat treatment (HT) or kiln dried heat treatment (KD HT) (IAW) American Lumber Standard Committee (ALSC), Incorporated, Wood Packaging Material Program and WPM Enforcement Regulatio ns (see http://www.alsc.org/). 3.1.4. All WPM shall include certification/quality markings IAW the ALSC standard. Markings shall be placed in an unobstructed area that will be readily visible to inspectors. Pallet markings shall be applied to the stringer or block on diagonally opposite  sides of the pallet and be contrasting and clearly visible. All containers shall be marked on a side other than the top or bottom, contrasting and clearly visible. All dunnage used in configuring and/or securing the load shall also comply with ISPM 15 and  be marked with an ASLC approved DUNNAGE stamp. 3.1.5. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in refusal, destruction, or treatment of materials at the point of entry. The Government reserves the right to recoup from the contractor any remediation costs incurred by the Government. 3.2 Requirements for Item Marking (Commercial Off The Shelf Items).  Part Number Marking.  Each item delivered under contract, along with each assembly, sub assembly, and module, shall be legibly marked with the appropriate part number, manufacturers iden tification, serial number and NSN. Hardware such as screws, nuts, bolts, etc., need not be marked.  This requirement should be entirely met by the contractors standard commercial marking. However, if there is any question about marking it shall be directe d to the Contracting Officer for resolution. 3.3   Requirements for Quality Assurance System. The contractor shall implement and maintain a Quality Assurance System for commercial items that meets or exceeds commercial best practices. These established commercial quality requirements shall be commonl y accepted practices employed by industry in both national and international manufacturing environments.  4.0. Government Quality Assurance. Any in-process inspections performed by the Government shall be conducted in a manner consistent with contractors commercial practices. Document Summary List for PCMCIA Circuit Card Assembly Commercial 	Documents		 Document (Contract	Number Reference)	Document Title	Document Date Document Category ISPM (SOW Para:	Number 15  3.1.2)	Guidelines for Regulating Wood Packaging Material in International Trade w/Mod to Annex I  2006	1/1/2002 Cat 1    MIL-STD-129 P w/Change 3   (SOW Para:3.3, 3.3.2)	Military Marking for Shipment and Storage 	10/29/2004 Cat 1 The offeror must be registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database prior to award. The offeror may register with the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) by calling (800) 334-3414 or at http://www.ccr.gov.     The U.S. Army CECOM Life Cycle Management Command (CECOM LCMC) has established the Interactive Business Opportunities Page (IBOP) website as part of the Armys Single Face to Industry, to allow electronic posting of solicitations for Request for Proposals (RFP), and Invitations for Bids (IFB).  All parties interested in doing business with the U.S. Army CECOM Life Cycle Management Command are invited to access, operate, send and receive information from the IBOP at  http://abop.monmouth.army.mil .   The offeror shall submit their proposal through the Interactive Business Opportunities Page (IBOP)  by 4:30 PM ET on 14 December 2007.   Questions and or concerns regarding this solicitation/synopsis shall be directed to Raina M. Derrick, Contract Specialist via phone at (732) 532-1532 or email raina.derrick@us.army.mil. The Contracting Officer for this acquisition is Suzanne L. Tilton via email suzanne.l.tilton@us.army.mil, phone (732) 532-5537. Registration guidance for the Interactive Business Opportunities Page (IBOP) website is provided under User Services at the User Registration Link on the Interactive Business Opportunities Page (IBOP)  website.   For technical Interactive Business Opportunities Page (IBOP) related issues unrelated to registration, call (732) 532-1840 or (732) 532-5246. This synopsis/solicitation has been posted to the Interactive Business Opportunities Page (IBOP) under Solicitation No.: W15P7T-08-R-B001.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAB07/W15P7T08RB001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>raina.derrick@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - DAAB07
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>07703-5008
<POPADDRESS>US Army C-E LCMC Acquisition Center - W15P7T ATTN:  AMSEL-AC, Building 1208 Fort Monmouth NJ
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U. S. Army Materiel Command
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Life Cycle Management Command (Aviation)
<ZIP>35898-5280
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336411
<OFFADD>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation), ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road, Redstone Arsenal, AL  35898-5280
<SUBJECT>15--Aviation Technical Test Center (ATTC) support for the Shadow TUAS.
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ08C001602
<RESPDATE>122007
<ARCHDATE>02182008
<CONTACT>Michael Owens, 256-313-4178
<DESC>This requirement is for Flight Test Support for the Shadow Aviation Technical Test Center (ATTC).  The test support will require the contract to maintain, train, and operate the Shadow TUAS in support of ATTC flight testing for Shadow TUAS air vehicl es and associated systems. This procurement is planned as sole source to AAI Corporation, CAGE 97384, Original Equipment Manufacturer of the Shadow TUAS.  See note 22. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are b eing requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMC/DAAH23/W58RGZ08C001602/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>j.michael.owens@us.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898-5280
<POPADDRESS>US Army Aviation and Missile Command (Aviation) ATTN:  AMSAM-AC, Building 5303, Martin Road Redstone Arsenal AL
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Drum
<ZIP>13602-5220
<CLASSCOD>S
<OFFADD>45 West Street, Fort Drum, NY 13602
<SUBJECT>S--Maintain & Empty Grease Containers
<SOLNBR>W8100J7305E027
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>06042008
<CONTACT>Name: Jennifer Cordeiro, Title: Contract Specialist, Phone: 3157723406, Fax: 3157728277, Email: jennifer.cordeiro@us.army.mil;
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, in conjunction with FAR 13.5, as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; bids are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is W8100J7305E027 and is issued as an invitation for bids (IFB), unless otherwise indicated herein. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2005-20. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 311613 with a small business size standard of 500 employees. This requirement is a [ Small Business ] set-aside and only qualified offerors may submit bids. The solicitation pricing on www.FedBid.com will start on the date this solicitation is posted and will end on 2007-12-07 16:00:00.0 Eastern Time or as otherwise displayed at www.FedBid.com. FOB Destination shall be Fort Drum, NY 13602 <BR><BR>The USA ACA Ft. Drum requires the following items, Brand Name or Equal, to the following:  <BR>LI 001, Maintain and empty grease containers once each month. There are 16 grease containers on post that need to be emptied and maintained on a monthly basis. Contract period of time is from January 1, 2008-December 31, 2008., 12, months; <BR><BR>For this solicitation, USA ACA Ft. Drum intends to conduct an online competitive reverse auction to be facilitated by the third-party reverse auction provider, FedBid, Inc. FedBid has developed an online, anonymous, browser based application to conduct the reverse auction. An Offeror may submit a series of pricing bids, which descend in price during the specified period of time for the aforementioned reverse auction. USA ACA Ft. Drum is taking this action in an effort to improve both vendor access and awareness of requests and the agency's ability to gather multiple, completed, real-time bids. All responsible Offerors that respond to this solicitation MUST submit the pricing portion of their bid using the online exchange located at www.FedBid.com. There is no cost to register, review procurement data or make a bid on www.FedBid.com. Offerors that are not currently registered to use www.FedBid.com should proceed to www.FedBid.com to complete their free registration. Offerors that require special considerations or assistance may contact the FedBid Helpdesk at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or via email at clientservices@fedbid.com. Offerors may not artificially manipulate the price of a transaction on www.FedBid.com by any means. It is unacceptable to place bad faith bids, to use decoys in the www.FedBid.com process or to collude with the intent or effect of hampering the competitive www.FedBid.com process. Should offerors require additional clarification, notify the point of contact or FedBid at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or clientservices@fedbid.com. Use of FedBid:   Buyers and Sellers agree to conduct this transaction through FedBid in compliance with the FedBid Terms of Use.  Buyers and Sellers understand that FedBid ranks all bids by price; however, pursuant to applicable acquisition regulations and/or departmental guidelines, Buyers may use criteria other than price to evaluate offers.  Accordingly, please note that, unless otherwise specified herein below, to the extent required by applicable regulations and/or guidelines, award will be made to the responsible Seller whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Buyer on the basis of price, technical capability, delivery, and past performance.<BR><BR> The Offeror must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions. FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (The full text of FAR Provisions may be accessed electronically at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/ ) , FAR 52.204-8 Annual Representation and Certification (interested parties are required to input their Representations and Certifications into the online representations and certifications application (ORCA) database which is located at the following internet address: http://www.bpn.gov.), FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal, FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors, FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation-Commercial Items (the following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Award shall be made to the lower priced, timely, responsive quoter whom meets the required salient characteristics); 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications. DFAR 252.212-7000 Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items.<BR><BR>The Offeror must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions. FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (The full text of FAR and DFAR Clauses may be accessed electronically at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/), FAR 52.204-7 -- Central Contractor Registration(CCR), (interested parties are required to be registered in the CCR database which is located at the following internet address: http://www.bpn.gov.), FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and conditions  Commercial Items, 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders  Commercial Items.  The following FAR clauses cited within 52.212-5 are applicable to this acquisition: 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52. 222-3, 52.222-19, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-41, 52.222-50, 52. 225-13, 52.232-33. 52.237-2. DFAR 252.204-7004 Alt A,  DFAR 252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders  Commercial Items, apply to this acquisition, DFAR 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments. The following Clauses cited within 252.212-7001 are applicable to this acquisition: 252.225-7001, 252.232-7003, and 252.247-7023.<BR><BR>FBO- The FBO provision located under the Contract/Bidding Req instruction is amended to change the following,this solicitation is being issued as a Request For Quote (RFQ) not an Invitation For Bid (IFB).<BR><BR>FOB Destination CONUS (CONtinental U.S.)<BR><BR>
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABJ/DABJ17/W8100J7305E027/listing.html
<DESC>www.fedbid.com (b-59717_02, n-9918)
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>13602
<POPADDRESS>Fort Drum, NY 13602
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<ZIP>21702-5014
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>423490
<OFFADD>US Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity, ATTN:  MCMR-AAA, 820 Chandler Street, Frederick, MD  21702-5014
<SUBJECT>66--Request for Quotations - Sealed Individual Ventilated Caging System
<SOLNBR>W81XWH-08-T-0045
<RESPDATE>121907
<ARCHDATE>02172008
<CONTACT>anthony.petrore, 301-619-1342
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items-as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation, quotations are being requested.  This is a Request for Quotation (RFQ).  The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition  Circular (FAC) 2001-27.  This action is not set aside for small business. All interested parties are invited to contact this office for more details concerning the minimum essential characteristics for sealed individual ventilated caging systems.  The requirement is for one (1) Cage Rack, one (1) Equipment Trolley and one (1) ad ditional cage setup.    Note that this list is not all-inclusive. If you believe you can provide this product and if interested, please contact Anthony Petrore, Contract Specialist at anthony.petrore@us.army.mil to obtain a detailed listing of required features.  Please refer to Solicitation W81XWH-08-T-0045. Delivery shall be FOB Destination.  Delivery is required within 22 weeks after receipt of order.  The Contractor shall pack and mark the shipment in conformance with carrier requirements, deliver the shipment in good order and condition to the point of del ivery specified in the purchase order, be responsible for loss of and/or damage to the goods occurring before receipt and acceptance of the shipment by the consignee at the delivery point specified in the purchase order and pay all charges to the specified  point of delivery. Award shall be made to the offeror whose quote offers the lowest priced, technically acceptable offer to the Government.   The following FAR Subpart 12 provisions and clauses are incorporated by reference:     FAR 52.212-1 Instruction to Offerors-Commercial Item (JAN 2005).     The following addenda is added to FAR 52.212-1 (1) Paragraph (b), Offer shall include unit price (as  applicable) and proposed delivery for item (after receipt of a contract). Packaging, Packing, Marking:     Each item shall be individually packaged to provide physical and mechanical protection during shipment, long-term storage in an environmentally cont rolled warehouse, and subsequent shipment to the end user.     Items and materials sensitive to electromagnetic fields shall be suitably protected.     The internal packing material shall be sufficient to prevent damage during shipment, handling and storag e.     Preservation and protection shall be provided to prevent corrosion, deterioration or decay during warehouse storage for a period of one year.     Each individual unit shall be marked with the vendor name, vendors part number item name and national stock number.   Companies must have valid DUNS numbers and be registered with Central Contractor Registration (CCR) and shall provide the company Tax Information Number (TIN) with their offer. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation Commercial Items (JAN 1999).     Offero r(s) are instructed to include a completed copy of FAR provision 52.212-3 (JAN 2005), Offerors Representatives and Certification--Commercial Items with their quote. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (JAN 2004) with the following addenda:     FAR 52.204-5 Women Owned Business (Other than Small Business) (MAY 1999), FAR 52.204-6 Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number (JUN 1999) FAR 52.20 4-7 Central Contractor Registration (OCT 2003), FAR 52.211-14 Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense Use (SEP 1990)(DO-A1), FAR 52.247-45 F.O.B. Origin and or F.O.B. Destination Evaluation (APR 1984), FAR 252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by reference (FEB 1998) and FAR 252-2 Clauses Incorporated by reference (FEB 1998).     Full Text may be accessed electronically at Internet Address: www.arnet.gov/far. FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions req uired to Implement Statutes or executive Orders Commercial Items (JAN 2005)(a)(b).     FAR 52.203-6 Restriction on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (JUL 1995) with Alternate 1 (OCT 1995) (41 U.S.C.253g and 10 U.S.C.2402).     FAR 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns (MAY 2004)(15 U.S.C.637(d)(2) and (3).     FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (JUN 2003)(E.O.11755).     FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and remedies (JAN 2004)(E.O. 13126).     FAR 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segrega ted Facilities (FEB 1999), FAR 52.222-26 equal Opportunity (APR 2002)(E.O.11246).     FAR Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era and Other Eligible Veterans (DEC 2001)(38U.S.C.4212).     FAR 52.222-36 -Affirmative Acti on for Special Disable and Vietnam Era Veterans (38 U.S.C. 4212); 52.222-37  Employment Records on Special Disable Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era (38 U.S.C. 4212); FAR 52.225-1 Buy American Act Supplies (JUNE 2003)(41U.S.C. 10a-10d).     FAR 52.2 25-13 Restrictions on certain Foreign Purchases (DEC 2003)(E.o.s., proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury, FAR 52.232-33 Payment of Electronic Funds Transfer-Central Contractor Reg istration (31 U.S.C. 3332). Offers may be submitted on company letterhead stationary and must include the following information:     Nomenclature, Part number, NSN, Unit Price, Payment Terms and discount offered for prompt payment and must include the requ ired FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certification Commercial Items (JAN 2005) of which copies can be obtained by downloading the document from www.arnet.gov/far.     Closing date and time for receipt of quote is December 19th, 2007 at 5:00 p.m. E astern Standard Time.     Submit offer in accordance with FAR provision 52.212-1. Copies of FAR Clause 52.212-3 may be accessed via the Internet at www.arnet.gov.     A formal notice of changes, if applicable will be issued in the FedBizzOpps (www.eps.gov)  via an amendment(s).     Copies of clause 52.212-3 will be provided upon offeror's request. Should you have any questions, please contact Anthony Petrore via e-mail:  anthony.petrore@us.army.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/USAMRAA/DAMD17/W81XWH-08-T-0045/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>anthony.petrore@amedd.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>21702-5014
<POPADDRESS>US Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity ATTN:  MCMR-AAA, 820 Chandler Street Frederick MD
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, North Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Riley
<ZIP>66442-0248
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>327331
<OFFADD>ACA, Fort Riley, Directorate of Contracting, 7410 Apennines Drive, Fort Riley, KS  66442
<SUBJECT>Y--The Contractor shall deliver and install bunker blocks at Urban Cluster# 7, Fort Riley, Kansas.
<SOLNBR>W911RX-08-T-0000
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>02102008
<CONTACT>Willie Delatorre, 785-239-4825
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Request fo r Quotes (RFQ) are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Fort Riley has a requirement for 220 Each Bunker Blocks (Dimensions 5 Long x 30 Wide x 30 High). The layout design will be multiple walls surrounding the village and walli ng off and limiting access of both ends of the village. Blocks will be inner-locking so they can not slip or be pushed off one another. The blocks will have multiple walls equalling to 505 Linear Feet with the wall being 2 blocks high tall. See Technical E xhibit-1 for the proposed bunker blocks site plan drawing. The Governments required delivery date is January 3, 2008. The Contractor shall be responsible for the delivery and installation of the blocks in accordance with Technical Exhibit-1. The Contracto r shall coordinate for additional guidance from the Government (G3 Training/Division FRTM Cell) prior to its installation. The anticipated contract will be a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) and FOB Destination.  The solicitation document and incorporated provisions  and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-14 effective on November 22, 2006.  The procurement is Set-Aside 100% for Small Business (SB). The applicable NAICS code is 327331 with a size standard of  500 Employees.  Inspectio n and acceptance shall be at destination. The preferred payment will be thru My Invoice or other Electronic means. The Contractor must be registered in Central Contractor Registration (CCR) http://www.ccr.gov/ and registration in Online Representations and  Certifications Application (ORCA) https://orca.bpn.gov/ are mandatory.  A single award will be made to the responsible contractor based on its price/quote and delivery date.  The following Federal Acquisition  Regulation (FAR) provisions and clauses are a pplicable to this solicitation: FAR 52.211-6, 52.212-3 Atl 1, FAR 52.212-4, FAR 52.212-5 (52.219-8, 52.219-14, 52.222-3, 52.222-19,52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.225-13, 52.232-33), and DFAR 252.212-7001, FAR 52.203-3, DFAR 252.2 25-7001,  DFAR 252.232-7003, DFAR252.243-7002, DFAR 252.247-7023 ALT III, DFAR 252.204-7004, AFAR 5152.233-9000. Full text clauses may be found at: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/cffara.htm; http://www.acqnet.gov/far/index.html.   Defense Federal Acquisition R egulation Supplement (DFARS) provisions and clauses may be found at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/VFDFARA.HTM. Additional Instructions: The Contractor shall download the entire Combined Synopsis/Solicitation and related documents through the Fort Riley Contra cting website: http://stage-www.riley.army.mil/Services/Fort/Contracting.aspx  The Contractor shall submit an electronic quote in accordance with the bunker block specifications prescribed herein and its anticipated delivery date and installation to: wilfr edo.delatorre@us.army.mil no later than Dec 12, 2007 at 10:00 AM (CST). Failure to provide a delivery date will be considered non-responsive and not considered for award.   For additional information, contact Mr. Willie Delatorre at (785) 239-4825 or email: wilfredo.delatorre@us.army.mil
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABJ/DABJ41/W911RX-08-T-0000/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>wilfredo.delatorre@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Fort Riley
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>66442
<POPADDRESS>ACA, Fort Riley Directorate of Contracting, 7410 Apennines Drive Fort Riley KS
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, South Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Bliss
<ZIP>79916-6812
<CLASSCOD>54
<NAICS>493110
<OFFADD>ACA, Fort Bliss, Directorate of Contracting, Attn:  ATZC-DOC, Building 2021, Club Road, Fort Bliss, TX  79916-6812
<SUBJECT>54--STORAGE CONTAINER, NON-DEPLOYABLE
<SOLNBR>W911SG-08-T-A021
<RESPDATE>121307
<ARCHDATE>02112008
<CONTACT>Patricia Collins, 915-568-5881
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotation s are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  The solicitation number, W911SG-08-T-A021, is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ).  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Fed eral Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-22.  This acquisition is set-aside 100% for Small Business, using North American Industry Classification Systems (NAICS) code 493110, size standard 23.5M.  The Government requires the purchase of 20 each  Storage Non-De ployable Containers, dimensions:  86H x 8W x 20 L, Wind and Water Tight resistant, color: Sand, 1 double swing doors on one end, marine plywood floor.  Containers shall be delivered FOB Destination to the Fort Bliss Mobilization and Deployment Bde, 064 7 CS HHC Det 2, Operation Enduring Freedom, Building 2342 Hinman Road, fort Bliss, Texas 79916-2527, no later than 2 January 2008.  Points of Contact (POC) for delivery is MSG Flores at 443-6506 or Mr. Allen Thompson at 915-568-1074.   The listed Federal A cquisition Regulation (FAR) provisions and clauses apply to this synopsis/solicitation.  FAR 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998)  This synopsis/solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, w ith the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available.  The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer.  Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this address:  http://www.arnet.gov/far.  FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998)  This contract incorporates one o r more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text.  Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available.  Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address:  ht tp://www.arnet.gov/far.  FAR provision 52.212-1, Instructions of Offerors-Commercial (Sept 2006), applies to this acquisition; addenda to this provision does not apply.  FAR provision 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items (Jan 1999) and evaluation criteria  includes price, past performance and delivery schedule, resulting in best value to the Government.  The prospective contractor is to include with the quotation a completed copy of the FAR provision 52.212-3, Offeror Representation and Certifications-Comme rcial Items (Sept 2007) or ensure that ORCA is current at time of award.  FAR clause 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items (Feb 2007), applies to this acquisition; there is no addenda to this clause.  FAR clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms a nd Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items (Sept 2007), applies to this acquisition and additional FAR clauses cited below are applicable:  52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (June 2003), 52.222-3 Convi ct Labor (June 2003); 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Feb 1999); 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity (Mar 2007); 52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2006); 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (August  2007); 52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 1998); 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003);  252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executiv e Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items (Dec 2004); 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (Jan 2004).  Quotations are d ue December 13, 2007, 4:00 PM MST, at physical address Directorate of Contracting, Building 2021 Club Road, Fort Bliss, Texas 79916 or mailing address Directorate of Contracting, 1733 Pleasonton Road, Fort Bliss, Texas 79916-6812.  Electronic quotations wi ll be accepted.  Point of contact for further information is Ruben Pino at 915-568-3572/fax 915-568-0836, email ruben.pino@us.army.mil , or Pat Collins at 915-568-5881/fax 915-568-0836, email patricia.collins1@us.army.mil, Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 4:30PM.  Any amendment will be publicized in the same manner as this synopsis/solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABK/DABK05/W911SG-08-T-A021/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>patricia.collins1@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Fort Bliss
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>79916-6812
<POPADDRESS>ACA, Fort Bliss Directorate of Contracting, Attn:  ATZC-DOC, Building 2021, Club Road Fort Bliss TX
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, South Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Campbell
<ZIP>42223-1100
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>531120
<OFFADD>ACA, Fort Campbell, Directorate of Contracting, Building 2174, 13 ? & Indiana Streets, Fort Campbell, KY  42223-1100
<SUBJECT>X--LEASE OF HOTEL ROOMS
<SOLNBR>W91248-08-T-0004
<RESPDATE>121807
<ARCHDATE>02162008
<CONTACT>shirley.banks, 270-798-7857
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals  are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W91248-05-Q-0003 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ).  This is a total small business set-aside. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clause s are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-22.  The NAICS Code is 531120 and the small business size standard is $6,000,000.  Performance period starts 01 January 2008 through 31 December 2008.  The solicitation incorporates in full fo rce and effect the Wage Determination 2005-2187 REV 4, dated 07/18/2007. The provision at 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items is applicable and is addended as follows: This provision is further addended to incorporate 52.252-1 Solicitation P rovisions Incorporated by Reference (Fill-in information  http://acqnet.saalt.army.mil/library/default .htm); 252.209-7003 Compliance with Veterans Employment Reporting Requirements.  The provision at 52.222-41 Service Contract Act of 1965, 52.222-42 Sta tement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires as amended Maid or Houseman #1124 0 @ $10.47 plus H&W, 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Items is applicable; Price and Qualifications/Experience are the evaluation criteria in Paragraph (a).  Availability of rooms  is slightly more important than price.  The Government intends to make multiple awards to the responsive and responsible offerors whose offers are most advantageous to the Government considering price and non-price related factors.  Offerors are instructe d to submit completed copies of FAR Provision 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items, with offers.  The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition, and is addended to incor porate the following clauses: 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-17 Interest; 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Fill-in information  http://acqnet.saalt.army.mil/library/default .htm); 252.201-7000 Contracting Officers Re presentative; 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product; 252.204-7004 Required Central Contractor Registration; 252.223-7006 Prohibition on Storage and Disposal of Toxic and Hazardous Materials; 252.242-7000 Postaward Conference; and 252.24 3-7001 Pricing of Contract Modifications.  The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and the following additional FAR clauses cited within the clau se also apply: 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities; 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity; 52.222-35 Affirmative Action for Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era; 52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities; 52.222-37 Employment  Reports on Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Ear; 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Central Contractor Registration.  252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Applicable to Defe nse Acquisitions of Commercial Items are applicable.  Clause 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services of the Contract is hereby incorporated. NUMBERED NOTES 1and 22 apply to this solicitation,  Offers are due not later than 12:00 NOON  P.M. 18 December 2007.  Al l responsible sources may submit an offer, which will be considered by the agency.  Submit offers to Directorate of Contracting, ATTN: Regina Harris, 2172 13 ? Street, Fort Campbell, KY  42223-5358.  Contact Regina Harris 270-798-7826, harrisr@us.army.mil for information regarding the solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABK/DABK09/W91248-08-T-0004/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>shirley.banks@us.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Fort Campbell
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>42223-1100
<POPADDRESS>ACA, Fort Campbell Directorate of Contracting, Building 2174, 13 1/3 & Indiana Streets Fort Campbell KY
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Agency, South Region
<LOCATION>ACA, Fort Stewart
<ZIP>31314-3322
<CLASSCOD>X
<NAICS>812320
<OFFADD>ACA, Fort Stewart, Directorate of Contracting, 976 William H Wilson Ave, Ste 100, Fort Stewart, GA  31314-3322
<SUBJECT>X--Mobile Laundry Service for Forward Operating Base for the period 04 Jan 2007 thru 15 Mar 2008.
<SOLNBR>W9124M-08-T-0009
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>02092008
<CONTACT>Becky Niksch, 912-767-2962
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals  are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract for the Lease of Mobile Laundry Service for Foward Operating Base(FOB) at Fort Stewart, Georgia.  This actions is unrestrict ed.  The solicitation will be posted o/a 04 December 2007 at https://acquisition.army.mil/asfi.  Click on contracting opportunities search, enter W9124M% into solicitation number, click on the solicitation number, at the bottom of the next screen click att achments,click on the pdf file and the solicitation will open up.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABK/DABK37/W9124M-08-T-0009/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>becky.niksch@stewart.army.mil
<DESC>ACA, Fort Stewart
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>31314-3322
<POPADDRESS>ACA, Fort Stewart Directorate of Contracting, 976 William H Wilson Ave, Ste 100 Fort Stewart GA
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Portland
<ZIP>97208-2946
<CLASSCOD>47
<NAICS>332312
<OFFADD>Portland District, US Army Corps of Engineers, Contracting Division (CENWP-CT_, P.O. Box 2946, Portland, OR  97208-2946
<SUBJECT>47--Steel Pipe for Bonneville and John Day Dams
<SOLNBR>W9127N-08-Q-0012
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>02092008
<CONTACT>Dennis Riches, 5038084632
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals  are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Army Corp. of Engineers (Portland) solicits: Steel Pipe - Schedule 40 Steel, 40 feet long and 4 inches inside diameter (ID) - a total of eighty-two 40' sections - of the eighty-two, twenty -two will be for delivery to Bonneville Dam on February 1, 2008 and sixty  for delivery to John Day Dam February 1, 2008 - the contractor will provide a welder at each dam - approx. 2 days for Bonneville and 5 days for John Day - the welder will weld three  40' sections together to form a single pipe length of 120' for John Day project - Bonneville will need two 40' sections welded together to form a single 80' length of pipe - each completed section of pipe (120' John Day and 80' for Bonneville) will have a  funnel (cone) welded to the top and a plate on the bottom - each pipe will have a 1 1/2 inch slot cut the length of each pipe section - there will be 4 mounting brackets welded to each 40 foot pipe at 3', 14', 26', and 37' to anchor the pipe during instal lation - all pipe will be painted with a 2-part epoxy from International Marine Coatings (Formula 150 Primer (MIL-DTL-24441) epoxy (one coat inside and outside) Formula 151 Topcoat (Haze Gray color #5749)(MIL-DTL-24441) One coat inside and 2 outside (thick ness for each coat 3-4 mils dry)) - all pipes and brackets will need to be sandblasted prior to painting - thirty bottom plates will be welded onto the pipes at the dams - thirty 12 inch diameter funnels will be welded to the pipes on the dams -  see drawi ngs for details. Acceptance will be at Destination. FOB Point is Destination. FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items, applies. Quoters are to indicate if they have completed ORCA (Online Representations and Certifications Application) regi stration, if not, they are required to submit completed copies of the provisions at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items; FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items, applies and does not include any ad denda. FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders, Commercial Items (APR 2004)(DEVIATION), and DFARS 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Applicab le to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items (SEP 2006)(DEVIATION) applies. These two clauses can be located at http://farsite.hill.af.mil/reghtml/changes/classdev/2004-o0002.htm (xiii)Other FAR Clauses included in this solicitation that are applicable a re 52.222-3 Convict Labor (JUN 2003); 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2004); 52.247-34 F.O.B. Destination (Nov 1991); 52.252-6 AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS IN CLAUSES (Apr 1984). The complete text of the Federal Acquisition Circulars, DF ARS Change Notices, and FAR and DFARS clauses and provisions are available at the following internet sites: http://www.acqnet.gov/far/ and http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars/index.htm. Industry standard warranty applies - Numbered Note 1 (one) applies to this combined synopsis/solicitation - Quotes are due by December 11th 2007 at 1400 hrs - Quotes may be sent electronically along with the completed representations and certifications, email address, Dunn and Bradstreet number, CAGE Code and Federal Tax ID Number to Contract Specialist Dennis Riches at dennis.l.riches@usace.army.mil or Tre Santos at dayon.t.santos@usace.army.mil . The Quotes may also be faxed to (503)808-4605, Attn: Contract Specialist Dennis Riches or Tre Santos. Telephone or email inqui ries will be accepted, contact Contract Specialist Dennis Riches at (503)808-4632 or Tre Santos at (503)808-4594, reference this combined synopsis/solicitation W9127N-08-Q-0012.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA57/W9127N-08-Q-0012/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>dennis.l.riches@usace.army.mil
<DESC>Portland District, US Army Corps of Engineers
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>97208-2946
<POPADDRESS>Portland District, US Army Corps of Engineers Contracting Division (CENWP-CT_, P.O. Box 2946 Portland OR
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>U.S. Army Engineer District, Memphis
<ZIP>38103-1894
<CLASSCOD>91
<NAICS>324110
<OFFADD>US Army Corps of Engineers, Memphis District, 167 North Main Street, Rm B202, Memphis, TN  38103-1894
<SUBJECT>91--25,000 gallons of #2 Low Sulfur Diesel for Heavy Equipment
<SOLNBR>W912EQ-08-Q-0001
<RESPDATE>120607
<ARCHDATE>02042008
<CONTACT>Celestine Evans, 901-544-3184
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is W912EQ-08-Q-0001 and is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This is an UNRESTRICTED procurement. The associated NAICS code is 321111 with 500 employees. Al l responsible sources may submit a quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. Quotes may be submitted in hard copy or electronically, either through regular mail, email, or by facsimile. Regardless of method of delivery, it is the offerors respon sibility to ensure receipt of quotes by the time and date stated herein. Contractors shall submit a lump sum quotation to include all charges. SECTION A  DESCRIPTION/SPECIFICATIONS/WORK STATEMENT A-1. Scope - The work to be done under these specifications  consists of furnishing all plant, labor, equipment and materials, and performing all operations in connection with the delivery of fuel oil by barge to USACE Yards & Docks Unit. SECTION B  DELIVERIES B-1. Deliveries  Quick turnaround is necessary in ord er for the Government to fulfill its mission. Therefore, the items to be supplied under this purchase order shall be delivered to the job site beginning on or after 7 December 2007. Prior to shipment, the Contractor shall coordinate delivery with the follo wing personnel. Primary  Matthew Pierce 901/544-0950 or 901/573-4180 Items 0001 and 0002 are to be delivered to by barge to a river location, approximately 20 miles south of Henderson, LA. Complete directions can be obtained from Matt Pierce, 901-573-4180 . Line Item Number Description Estimated Gallons 0001 Fuel Oil 25,000 gallons. SECTION C  MEASUREMENT and PAYMENT C-1. Measurement. All fuels will be measured for payment, in the presence of a Government Inspector. Individual tickets shall be furnished to  the Government Inspector at the time of delivery. C-2. Payment. Payment will be made at the purchase order unit price for the quantity of acceptable material delivered. No payment shall be made for supplies replaced due to the Contractors fault or neglig ence. SECTION D  RENDITION OF INVOICES AND VOUCHERS D-1. Submission of Invoices. Invoices shall be submitted in triplicate, typewritten or with pen and ink. Terms of payment must be stated, including cash discount, if any. D-2. Routing of Invoices and Vou chers. Invoices or vouchers shall be sent to the following address. USAED, Memphis CEMVM-OD-O; ATTN: Karen Shook 167 N. Main St., B-202 Memphis, TN 38103-1894 Contractor shall submit completed clause 52.212-3, Offerors Representation and Certifications, Co mmercial Items. The following clauses and provisions are incorporated and will remain in full force in any resultant award. The full text of these clauses can be accessed electronically at website: http://www.farsite.hill.af.mil. FAR 52.212-1 - Instruction s to Offerors--Commercial Items is applicable to this solicitation. The provisions at FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation of technical capability and price with technical capability being significantly more important than price. FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representation and Certifications--Commercial Items. FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items. FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders--Commercial Items (Dev); FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor; FAR 52.2 22-19 Child Labor; FAR 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities; FAR 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity; FAR 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity of Special Disabled Veterans, Dec 2001 Veterans of the Vietnam Era and Other Eligible Veterans; 52.222-36 Affirmative Ac tion for Workers with Disabilities; FAR 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Disabled Veterans; FAR 52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases; FAR 52.232-3 3 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer--Central Contractor Registration; FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference; DFARS 252.212-7001 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders applicable to Defense Acquisitions o f Commercial ItemsFAR 252.225-7001 Buy America Act and Balance of Payments Program (JUN 2005); FAR 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests; FAR 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea, Alternate III. Response to this combined synopsi s/solicitation must be received via email, fax, mail, or delivery by 6 December 2007 no later than 11:00 AM local time at 167 North Main Street B202, Memphis, TN 38103. Quotes should be marked with solicitation number W912EQ-08-Q-0001 addressed to Celestin e Evans, Contract Specialist, Phone (901) 544-3184, Fax (901) 544-3710, email: celestine.g.evans@mvm02.usace.army.mil. Vendors not registered in Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database prior to award will not be eligible for award. Vendors may regis ter for CCR by calling 1-800-334-3414 or register online at www.ccr.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA66/W912EQ-08-Q-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Celestine.G.Evans@mvm02.usace.army.mil
<DESC>US Army Corps of Engineers, Memphis District
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>38103-1894
<POPADDRESS>US Army Corps of Engineers, Memphis District 167 North Main Street, Rm B202,  Memphis TN
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACA, US Army Contracting Command Europe
<LOCATION>ACA, RCO Seckenheim
<ZIP>09266-0509
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>721110
<OFFADD>ACA, RCO Seckenheim, Attn:  AEUCC-S, Unit 29331, APO, AE  09266-0509
<SUBJECT>V--Hotel Services
<SOLNBR>W912PE-08-T-7039
<RESPDATE>121107
<ARCHDATE>02092008
<CONTACT>Lisa Murphy, 08821-750-2244
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation to negotiate a Firm Fixed Price type contract for Hotel Accommodations located in the following geographic area:     Washington, DC. This notice is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepare d in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation, which is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ).  Quotes are being requested on  an unrestricted basis and a separate written solicitation will not be issued.  The Government intends to acquire a commercial item using FAR Part 12 and the Simplified Acquisition Procedures set forth in FAR Part 13.  This is not a solicitation for Event Planning Services.  A quote which requires the Government to execute a separate agreement with a third party hotel shall be deemed technically unacceptable.   The NAICS Code is 721110 and the small business size standard is $6.5 million.    The George C. M arshall Center conducts its Leaders Program of Advanced Security Studies (LPASS) trip three times per year as part of an academic program. The Periods of Performance for this requirement are as follows: Base Period: (PTSS) 07 Feb 2008  14 Feb 2008  (approximately 222 sleeping room nights total), and (LPASS 08-1) 21 February 2008  01 March 2008 (approximately 359 sleeping room nights total) 1st Option Period: (LPASS 08-4) 26 June 2008  05 July 2008 (approximately 359 sleeping room nights total) 2nd Option Period:  (LPASS 08-7) 30 October 2008  08 November 2008 (approximately 429 sleeping room nights total). The hotel shall accommodate 51 sleeping rooms on peak nights (based on the timeframe), shall provide all requirements specified for accommodation needs in Parts A, B, and C below, and shall provide lodging rates within the stated Government Per Diem rate o r lower for the area.  A response to requirements listed below shall be submitted on letterhead.  Quoters are cautioned that no reference to the proposed prices shall be made in the technical quote.  The hotel facility shall be FEMA approved and listed on the U.S. Fire Administration Hotel and Motel National Master List found at   htttp://www.usfa.fema.gov/hotel/search.cfm.     In accordance with FAR 52.204.7 - Central Contractor Registration (Oct 2003); contractors are required to register in the Central C ontractor Registration (CCR) database http://www.ccr.gov,     PRIOR to award of any contract.     In addition, the offeror's facility shall be compliant with the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act (Public Law 101-336) (42 U.S.C. 12101 et. Seq.).     The hotel facility shall accommodate an estimated 90 guests with the following needs: Part A:  Hotel Lodging: Base Period (PTSS and LPASS 08-1) (PTSS) 1 Single sleeping room on Thursday, 07 Feb 2008 and Friday, 08 Feb 2008; 10 single sleeping rooms on 09 Feb 2008 through 13 Feb 2008; and 34 Double Rooms on 09 Feb 2008 through 13 Feb 2008. Group will check-out on Thursday, 14 February 2008. (LPASS 08-1) 1 Single sleeping room on Thursday, 21 Feb 2008 and Friday, 22 Feb 2008 14 single sleeping rooms on 23 Feb 2008 through 29 Feb 2008; and 38 Double Rooms on 23 Feb 2008 through 29 Feb 2008. Group will check-out on Saturday, 01 March 2008. 1st Option (LPASS 08-4) 1 Single sleeping room on Thursday, 26 June 2008 and Friday, 27 June 2008; 14 single sleeping rooms on 28 June 2008 through 04 July 2008; and 38 Double Rooms on 28 June 2008 through 04 Jul 2008 Group will check-out on Saturday, 05 July 2008. 2nd Option (LPASS 08-7) 1 Single sleeping room on Thursday, 30 Oct 2008 and Friday, 31 Oct 2008; 14 single sleeping rooms on 01 Nov 2008 through 07 Nov 2008; and 48 Double Rooms on 01 Nov 2008 through 07 Nov 2008. Group will check-out on Saturday, 08 Nov 2008. Single & Double Rooms: Rooms with bath, common amenities, and all service fees as follows: Provide furn ished hotel room, price per room to include breakfast for each occupant.  NOTE: The Government (this contract) will not pay for local or international phone calls from participants rooms, pay per view programs, mini-bar consumption, room service, nor any a lcoholic beverages. Request that all double rooms have outgoing phones and pay-per-view TV turned off and mini-bars locked. Allowance for availability of said items must be made by the individual by presenting a valid credit card or US Dollars.     Double Rooms: Provide furnished hotel rooms with two separate beds that will accommodate one adult each. No rollaway beds, sofa beds, or daybeds may be substituted. Breakfast for each occupant shall be included. Two room keys shall be provided for double rooms. N o shared keys.   Rooms shall be available not later than 03:00pm on days of arrival.  Breakfast: Availability of full (not continental) breakfast with seating capacity for serving up to 120 persons at one time. A separate dining area for the group within t he hotel is preferred but not mandatory. Breakfast shall be available by 06:30AM. On certain days, early 06:00AM breakfast may be required. Breakfast shall include yogurt, variety of breads, toast, cereals, eggs, cheese, fruit, meats, milk, coffee, tea, an d juices.  Part B:  Additional Information:  1. The hotel shall provide a dedicated hotel staff or staff member to coordinate logistics before, during, and after arrival of the Marshall Center Representative.  Keys to all rooms shall be available for advanced party p ersonnel, at least 3 hours BEFORE the group's arrival.  It is highly recommended that keys be coded as early as possible for process with the MC Representative, though rooms will not be occupied by Course Participants until the group's arrival. 2.  Current room listings shall be made available to the Marshall Center Representative, as requested.   Part C:  Quote submission, Evaluation and clauses Award will be made to the offeror determined to be the Best Value to the Government in accordance with FAR 52.212-2 evaluation factors. Evaluation will be made with or without discussions with the vendor(s). Technical quotes and prices will be evaluated as  described below.  All responsible sources that can meet the requirements and provide items as listed above may respond to this solicitation by submitting price and technical quotes.  Any quote that does not meet the solicitation requirements will be rejec ted as nonresponsive.   The following provisions and clauses shall apply to this solicitation: 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference. This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the  full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): http://www.arnet.gov/far (FAR) and (DFARS) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items 52.212-2 Evaluation Commercial Items - The technical quote shall address each technical factor.  The Government will award a contract resulting from this RFQ to the responsible vendor whose quote will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other  factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotes: (1) Bus Loading/Unloading Zone, (2) Location of  Facility, (3) Past Performance, and (4) Price.  Factor (1) is least important.  Factor (2) and (3) are of equal importance.  When technical factors (1), (2) and (3) are combined, they are more important than factor (4) price. The Government will evaluate quotes for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Eva luation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s).  THE VENDOR SHALL ADDRESS IN DETAIL IN WRI TING THE INDIVIDUAL FACTORS OF: (1) Bus Loading/Unloading Zone,  Submission Requirements:  Offeror shall confirm availability of a designated space on-site or on the street that allows at least 15-minutes for loading and unloading up to three large tour bu ses at a time.  (2) Location of  Facility,  Submission Requirements:  Offeror shall provide a description of location of facility to all the Government to evaluate the hotels proximity to major historical monuments, scheduled meeting venues, subway/metro rail, and a variety of dining and shopping establishments.  (3) Past Performance,  Submission Requirements:  Past performance information shall cover a maximum of 3 years.  Offeror shall provide past performance information (e.g. letters of recommendation,  performance evaluations) indicating quality of hotel performance and service during the past three years.  In addition, offeror shall provide at least two references for which your company provided services for a group similar in size to our group within the past year.  For each reference, offerors shall list: a.)   Organization/company/contracting partners name. b) Point of contacts (POC) name and contact information: Current phone numbers & valid email addresses. c)  Description that precisely explains : General scope of the contract  size of the group accommodated; Specific requirements of the contract; Performance period.  (4) Price.  Submission Requirements:  Offerors shall provide prices for the services listed above.  Offerors shall also provide th e hotels cancellation policy and fees with its price quote.  All prices will be evaluated for reasonableness, including the hotels cancellation policy.  Technical quotes shall not exceed five pages.  Quoters are cautioned that no reference to the propose d prices/cost shall be made in the technical quote. Other applicable clauses: 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certification-Commercial Items.     Vendors shall include a completed copy of Offeror Representations and Certification along with his/her quote; 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commerci al Items; 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes on Executive Orders Commercial Items and in accordance with FAR 12.603(c )(2)(xii) the following provisions under the clause apply (b)(11)-(b)(15), (b)(19)(i), (b)(21), (b)(25)  (b)(26) applies if Government Purchase Card is used, (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4); FAR 52.225-13, Restriction on Certain Foreign Purchases; FAR 52.232-18 Availability of Funds; FAR 52.232-33 Electronic Funds Transfer  CCR; FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for B reach of Contract Claim; FAR 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract; DFARS 252.201-7000, Contracting Officers Representative; DFARS 252.204-7004, Central Contractor Registration; DFARS 252.212-7000; and DFARS 252.212-7001 (Dev), Contractor Te rms and Conditions Required to Implement.  Quotes shall include all information required in 52.212-2, Schedule of Prices Offered, and a completed copy of provision 52-212-3.  Submit all price and technical quotes to Katharina Beam, Contract Specialist, George C. Marshall Center, Unit 24502, ECMC-P,  APO AE 09053. Emailed quotes are acceptable.  E-mail: beamk@marshallcenter.org.  Closing date for receipt of quotes is Tuesday,  December 11, 2007 at 4:00 PM Central European Time. Point of Contact Katharina Beam, Contract Specialist, George C. Marshall Center, Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany  E-mail your questions to POC e-mail address at beamk@marshallcenter.org
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/DABN/DABN03/W912PE-08-T-7039/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>murphyl@marshallcenter.org
<DESC>ACA, RCO Seckenheim
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>XXXXX
<POPADDRESS>Washington DC area Washington DC area Washington DC
</COMBINE>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Farm Credit Administration
<OFFICE>Office of Management Services
<LOCATION>Personnel and Purchasing Team
<ZIP>22102-5090
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>Farm Credit Administration, Office of Management Services, Personnel and Purchasing Team, 1501 Farm Credit Drive, Mclean, VA, 22102-5090, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Database Managment
<SOLNBR>08-RFQ-04
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>12272007
<CONTACT>Tracy Reeves, Contracting Specialist, Phone 703-883-4111, Fax 703-883-4151, Email reevest@fca.gov
<DESC>Amendment 2 (one more to follow) questions/answers
General Questions

1.	Please provide us with the statement of work for the current contract in place.  Is there an incumbent contractor currently providing these services? If yes, who is it?  Is the contractor who developed the Access database bidding on this contract? Please provide any information available on the previous contractor including costs as there is not enough time to request a FOIA? There is no current contract in place and there is no incumbent.  The work completed to date on this project has been performed by FCA personnel.
2.	What is the current annual budget for maintaining the access database? What is the hourly rate charged for maintenance of the MS Access database?  This project has been planned for and has been funded through the Agency?s budget.  
3.	Can you please provide us with the period of performance for this opportunity? The period of performance for Task 1-5 is January to December, 2008.  The period of performance for Task 6 will depend on the level of maintenance and support needed by FCA and will be specified in task orders issued by FCA after Tasks 1-5 are complete.
4.	Where will the work be done? At your site or ours?  Is the contractor expected to perform all the work at the Agency's office?  If not, what is the expected amount of time the contractor needs to be present at the Agency's office? Can all or some of the work on this project be done remotely at the contractor's site?  If some, then how much time on the FCA site would be required?  All work will be completed on-site at the FCA office in McLean, VA.  
5.	Is there travel required outside of the McLean office? No
6.	The RFP states that the contractor ?will assist? ? who will they be assisting?  Does the organization have a development team or will the contractor be doing all of the work?  The contractor will be performing the task assignments under the COTR as defined in the SOW who is Doug Valcour, Chief Information Officer.  In addition, the contractor will work closely with the Agency Contacts as defined in the SOW who are knowledgeable on the work completed to date on this project.  The contractor will be expected to perform all the tasks as defined in the SOW in close coordination with the Agency Contacts.
7.	At the bottom of page 2 of the SOW, it states, "Contractor's project tasks will include, but not be limited to:" Since this is a fixed price contract, please provide all tasks so that we can provide you with comprehensive costs. The project is defined in Tasks 1-5 with maintenance and support included for Task 6.  We do not envision adding additional tasks as long as Tasks 1-5 provide us with the end-product we desire as detailed in the SOW
8.	Is funding allocated for this project?  What is the budget for the project?  Funding is available for this project. 
9.	Is there any pending or new legislation relative to FCA or rural lending that would impact what should be included in this solution?  No.

Technical Questions ? General

1.	What is the type of database in use? ( Oracle, Microsoft SQL server, MySQL etc.)  The work completed to date on this project is in MS Access.  However, the server database that will be used for this project is Microsoft SQL Server.
2.	What is the operating system being used?  Microsoft Windows 2003.
3.	What is the version of Access DB?  FCA accepts any version of MS Access from the institutions.
4.	When will the FCA decide which database management system to use? Can this decision be made before bids are submitted?    FCA has selected Microsoft SQL Server 2005.
5.	Can we use SQL Server 2005 to consolidate the data from other sources? Yes, FCA expects that the contractor will consolidate the disparate data into a central SQL Server database for easy access by FCA staff.
6.	Please provide the version of Microsoft SQL Server that FCA currently owns.  Microsoft SQL Server 2005.
7.	Please advise what Oracle products you currently own and plan to utilize outside of the standard DBMS (if any such products exist). We do not plan to use our Oracle 10 database for this project.
8.	In the introduction paragraph under SCOPE - Will this solution run on a new server or a currently installed server.  The database will run on an existing server.  If it will be a currently installed server, can we get the specifications on the machine that will host the new application prior to its installation?  FCA?s server is appropriately provisioned.  FCA is using Microsoft SQL Server 2005 running on Windows 2003.
9.	Are there any restrictions on other technologies used apart from Oracle/SQL Server?  For example: Could we use a desktop based application built in Microsoft's .Net for tasks like loading and monitoring of dataloads and rules configuration?  FCA would like programming to be done using any of the following tools: MS Office, Microsoft Visual Studio, and Actuate Reports.  FCA will own the code produced by the contractors.
10.	In the database management what portion of the work involves development?  FCA defined the work to be performed in the SOW.
11.	What level and kind of documentation is expected?  A workflow diagram and complete description of how the developed solutions work.  FCA also expects that a data dictionary will be developed for each table, view and column.
12.	Is there a preferred project planning tool?  FCA does not have a preferred project planning tool.  
13.	Can we substitute other database design, management and administration experience in the place of loan portfolios?  No.
14.	Are there existing tools to access the database?  Yes, FCA uses MS Access, MS Excel, MS Query, Powerbuilder, and Actuate.
15.	Could we get the table structure of any existing Oracle/SQL Server databases? No, there are no existing Oracle/SQL Server databases that hold these databases.
16.	At what point in time is the agency willing to share the structures and schema of the Microsoft Access databases, including the tables, queries, reports, etc, in order for preliminary design work to be undertaken by vendors?  FCA will share the details on the database once the contract is awarded.
17.	What are the hours of required support?  (e.g. 9-5, 24/7, etc).  Support will only be provided for Task 6 which FCA may optionally choose to invoke on an hourly rate.  For this task the contractor will actually perform the data load on a periodic basis.
18.	Is there any need to develop a front end web application for reporting purposes, once the data is loaded into a new database, assuming it is MS SQL Server 2005?  The contract does not call for the development of reporting tools.
19.	How many end users currently use the existing data? Approximately 100 users. And how many systems does the proposed new database serve?  Tables and views will be created in an existing SQL Server installation.  FCA will develop its own reports that query the data in the new tables and/or views.
20.	Can we assume that there is no additional work needed to support the legacy process other than automatically upload the files to the database?  Yes.
21.	Is FCA open to using BizTalk Server 2006 integrating external FCAs, so that we can continue to accept the submissions from external agencies and keep populating a proposed SQL server 2005 database?  No.


Task 2 - Data Upload

22.	What is the frequency and the size/transactions per file of the data files coming in? We understand that they vary; we are looking for peak load, the largest files and the most number of files in a given day/week/month/quarter.  The AgFirst, Texas District and Wichita databases are received monthly.  The plan is for the remaining datasets to be submitted quarterly.  See Question 39 below for the size.
23.	Can the MS Access database be provided with the data removed?  Can the current schema be provided prior to proposal submission? Would it be possible to provide the current schema definitions for the files uploaded by en or whether a new column will be added to the SQL Server table.
43.	Can you provide the details of the current mapping that has been identified so far as described in the task 4?   See Question 39 above.

Task 5 ? Data Views

44.	Can you specify the approximate number of views need to be created for task 5?  12 views or less.
45.	Do you require that the views created in task 5, be accessible via a web browser?  If not, how do you envision that users/offices view the data?  FCA users do not require a web browser to access the views.  They will use MS Office tools to query the data.
46.	Please advise what reporting tool FCA plans to use.  Will it simply be custom views created in Oracle/SQL Query or is there a different COTS product that will be utilized?  FCA will query the tables as well as the custom views.
47.	How many standard views are being requested under this fixed price portion of the contract?  12 views or less.  Can these be determined before the data model is finalized? Are there some existing today that can be shared before submission?  One of the evaluation criteria is "Understanding of the desired data warehouse and related views." Is there a description of the desired views available?  No.
48.	Project task #5 requires the contractor to "develop a collection of standard data views based on user requirements."
?	Do user requirements already exist? No.
?	If not, does the requirement gathering effort need to be accounted for in the proposal cost?  No.
?	If requirements do exist, is there an approximate number of known views that need to be created?  12 views or less.
?	If requirements do exist, what are the views that need to be created?  Details will be provided once the contract is awarded.
?	Is there a standard format/tool/technology that FCA uses for data views?  No.
49.	In Task 5 - Will the end users for the central database be only the "Offices" (OE, ORP and OMS)?  Only FCA staff will access the views.
50.	In Task 5 - Does each Office have a list of the data and concept of how they want to see the data displayed in the final product?  If so, can they give more details about what type of information they would like to see in their individual reports, or would FCA prefer to wait until the contract has been awarded to address the particulars of the reports?  The contract does not call for the development of reporting tools.
51.	In Task 5 ? Each office (OE, ORP and OMS) would like to see segregated data views.  Do they require entirely different screens to view the data or just an ability to see the data differently?  Does each office require a web-based interface that is accessible from various locations, or will access to the database be restricted to use at OE? Or is a different type of access required?  FCA will provide more detailed specifications on the views after the contract is awarded.
52.	In Task 5 - If each "Office" (OE, ORP and OMS) needs different data views, would these screens or views be accessible only by the office requesting them, or should the screens be available to all three Offices (i.e., should OE have access to the customized screens requested by ORP?).  The views will be available to all FCA staff with access to the database.



The Farm Credit Administration (FCA) has an immediate need for services from a qualified person(s) who is knowledgeable of and experienced in relational database management design and development, as well as data loading and mining operations.  The Contractor will assist FCA in developing a database to accumulate and store the loan portfolio data submitted by FArm Credit System institutions to the FCA.  The database will enhance the data interrogation capabilities of the FCA's examination and regulation and policy development staff by consolidating System data into a single database with comparable data fields.  The data tables will facilitate macro analysis of oversight of the System.  


Interested parties should contact Reevest@fca.gov for a complete Statement of Work.  

Questions will be received through November 30, 2007, at 2:00 PM EST.  An amendment will be posted answering questions December 4, 2007.

Proposals should be sent to Reevest@FCA.gov no later than 3:00 PM EST, Wednesday, December 12, 2007.

CLAIMS FOR RELIEF

The FCA is a nonappropriated fund activity not subject to GAO's bid protest provisions.  Any claim for relief filed by an offeror shall be adjudicated by the FCA Contracting Officer.  If the parties cannot reach an agreement mutually satisfactory after diligently pursuing a solution through discussions and negotiations, the FCA Contracting Officer shall make a final decision.  The FCA Contracting Officer's decision shall prevail unless the offeror submits an appeal to the FCA Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Stephen G. Smith.  The decision of the CFO shall be final and binding on the parties.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/FCA/OCAO/FCAASD/08-RFQ-04/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>1501 Farm Credit Drive
McLean, VA
<POPZIP>22102-5090
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Farm Credit Administration
<OFFICE>Office of Management Services
<LOCATION>Personnel and Purchasing Team
<ZIP>22102-5090
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>Farm Credit Administration, Office of Management Services, Personnel and Purchasing Team, 1501 Farm Credit Drive, Mclean, VA, 22102-5090, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Database Managment
<SOLNBR>08-RFQ-04
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>12272007
<CONTACT>Tracy Reeves, Contracting Specialist, Phone 703-883-4111, Fax 703-883-4151, Email reevest@fca.gov - Philip Shebest, FCA Agency Administrator/Contracting Officer, Phone 703-883-4135, Fax 703-893-2608, Email shebestp@fca.gov
<DESC>12/5/2007 - Amendment 1 to include questions/answers (Amendment 2 to follow)

FCA Solicitation #08-RFQ-04


Contract and Proposal Questions

1.	What will be the competition type for this opportunity?  Open market.
2.	Is this solicitation a Small Business Set-aside and if so, what type or is this an 8(a) set-aside?  No.
3.	Would the contractor be responsible to pay for the background checks?  If so, what costs would be incurred by this?  No. The contractor should provide resumes for all employees expected to perform work on the Statement of Work (SOW).  The resumes should provide documentation on the type of background checks performed.  The contractor will not incur any cost for additional background checks required by FCA.
4.	Please advise of the planned contracting vehicle that will be utilized for this solicitation.  Purchase order.
5.	Should the proposal be sent by email to you at Reevest@fca.gov or we need to submit hard copies of the proposal?  Please verify that proposals should be submitted via email to Reevest@FCA.gov no later than December 12, 2007, 3 PM.
The proposals should be sent electronically by December 12, 2007, 3PM, hard copies are not necessary.
6.	Please confirm the preferred format for proposal submission (i.e. Word, PDF, etc.).  The preferable format for proposal submission is Microsoft Word.
7.	What are the proposal submission requirements? What information do you want included in the Technical and Cost Proposals?  What are the instructions for submitting the proposal? How many copies, to whom and where should they be sent and should the cost proposal be sent separately or sealed?  The proposal submission requirements are detailed in the SOW under the heading ?Evaluation Criteria.?  Please include in your proposal an understanding of the statement of work and a plan to oversee the satisfactory completion of each project task as defined in numbers 1, 2 and 3 of the ?Technical Factors? section.
8.	Is there a page limit for the proposal? No.
9.	How would you like to see the pricing structure broken out? Would it be acceptable for us to break out the hourly rates according to the type of work/skill set required? Are you looking for a single number for the fixed cost for Tasks 1-5 or do you want this information broken down?  It is acceptable to either provide a total fixed cost for Tasks 1-5, or provide a break out of the hourly rates according to the type of work/skill set required.  However, if you provide hourly rates for the various tasks, please also provide a total fixed cost for Tasks 1-5.  For task 6, only an hourly rate is required.
10.	Is it a fixed price contract?  As detailed in the SOW under the heading ?Contract Type and Term? this is a fixed-price contract for Tasks 1-5.  Task 6 will be provided at a fixed hourly rate and will be completed under specific task orders as issued by FCA.
11.	The SOW states that this is Fixed Price Contract for Project Tasks 1 to 5 and for Project Task 6 is on Fixed Hourly rate.  We assume that we provide fixed price for the Project Task 1 to 5 and we provide Fixed hourly rates for the Possible Job Positions required for executing Task 6 in our price Proposal. Kindly clarify if our assumption is correct.  Yes, this is correct.
12.	What is the anticipated level of effort in terms of man hours for each task? Do you have an estimate of how many FTE, this effort may require?  We do not have a predetermined estimate of man hours for each task, this should be determined by the contractor and included in your proposal.
13.	The SOW states that the "FCA has an immediate need for services from a qualified person...".  The SOW also indicates that "experience and ability of key personnel are important factors...".  The first statement strongly indicates that FCA is looking for a single, qualified individual while the technical factors indicate multiple personnel are expected. Is the scope of tasks 1-5 limited to a single person? Is the scope of task 6 limited to a single person?  Does FCA anticipate finding one person qualified enough to perform all the lifecycle database system tasks specified in the SOW?  We do not have a requirement on the number of persons to complete the job.  The contractor may use different personnel to complete the various tasks as long as the project is supervised by a single project manager.
14.	Is this a full time opportunity or part time?  The contract is based on the tasks to be completed under the timeframes defined in ?Contract Type and Term.?  The level of employment can be determined by the contractor as long as the timeframes for completion of the tasks are met.
15.	Does FCA envision a single person, or a team? Is this a one or two person requirement?  We do not have a requirement on the number of persons to complete the job.
16.	Is there a government estimated level of work in terms of hours? No.
17.	What is the expected number of hours of support required for task 6? We do not have a predetermined number of hours for the support discussed in Task 6.
18.	Does the infrastructure already exist (i.e. is hardware & software GFE)?  Or should the cost of hardware and software be included as part of the proposal cost?  Yes, the infrastructure already exists and; therefore, hardware and software should NOT be included as part of the proposal cost.
19.	Is it safe to assume that all the development licenses for the tools to develop the proposed effort will be provided by FCA? Yes.
20.	Do we need to submit representative resumes of our personnel in our response? Does the person need to have any industry level certifications?  Yes, the contractor should provide resumes for all employees expected to perform work on the SOW.  The resumes should include the employee?s relevant industry level certifications or relevant experience to the tasks defined in the SOW.  The resumes should also provide documentation on the type of background checks performed.
21.	The RFP states ?payment upon completion of the first 5 Project Tasks?.  Does this imply that payment may be invoiced after each individual task is completed OR after all five are completed? Can partial payments be made at some agreed upon milestones when the project plan is developed?  FCA is amenable to partial payments as we deem appropriate.  This option will be discussed once the contract is awarded.


The Farm Credit Administration (FCA) has an immediate need for services from a qualified person(s) who is knowledgeable of and experienced in relational database management design and development, as well as data loading and mining operations.  The Contractor will assist FCA in developing a database to accumulate and store the loan portfolio data submitted by FArm Credit System institutions to the FCA.  The database will enhance the data interrogation capabilities of the FCA's examination and regulation and policy development staff by consolidating System data into a single database with comparable data fields.  The data tables will facilitate macro analysis of oversight of the System.  


Interested parties should contact Reevest@fca.gov for a complete Statement of Work.  

Questions will be received through November 30, 2007, at 2:00 PM EST.  An amendment will be posted answering questions December 4, 2007.

Proposals should be sent to Reevest@FCA.gov no later than 3:00 PM EST, Wednesday, December 12, 2007.

CLAIMS FOR RELIEF

The FCA is a nonappropriated fund activity not subject to GAO's bid protest provisions.  Any claim for relief filed by an offeror shall be adjudicated by the FCA Contracting Officer.  If the parties cannot reach an agreement mutually satisfactory after diligently pursuing a solution through discussions and negotiations, the FCA Contracting Officer shall make a final decision.  The FCA Contracting Officer's decision shall prevail unless the offeror submits an appeal to the FCA Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Stephen G. Smith.  The decision of the CFO shall be final and binding on the parties.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/FCA/OCAO/FCAASD/08-RFQ-04/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>1501 Farm Credit Drive
McLean, VA
<POPZIP>22102-5090
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Farm Credit Administration
<OFFICE>Office of Management Services
<LOCATION>Personnel and Purchasing Team
<ZIP>22102-5090
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>Farm Credit Administration, Office of Management Services, Personnel and Purchasing Team, 1501 Farm Credit Drive, Mclean, VA, 22102-5090, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>R -- Database Managment
<SOLNBR>08-RFQ-04
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>12272007
<CONTACT>Tracy Reeves, Contracting Specialist, Phone 703-883-4111, Fax 703-883-4151, Email reevest@fca.gov - Philip Shebest, FCA Agency Administrator/Contracting Officer, Phone 703-883-4135, Fax 703-893-2608, Email shebestp@fca.gov
<DESC>Amendment 3 - questions/answers
26.	Is it expected that the current delivery method will suffice, or should a standard delivery method be included as part of the proposed effort?  FCA expects that contractor will develop an application that will automatically load the received datasets into SQL Server and that any errors will be logged and sent to appropriate FCA staff for their action.
27.	What is the preferred method for handling errors in uploaded data?  Do we have to develop any workflow process to handle data validation errors? If so, can you describe the process that needs to be developed?  FCA expects that the contractor will develop an application that will automatically load the datasets into SQL Server and that any errors will be logged and sent to appropriate FCA staff for their action. 
28.	What kind of technology infrastructure exists today for the different agencies to upload the files?  Is it .NET based or java based?  Does the agency have any preference to which technology should be used for building the web interface to upload the data?  The SOW does not request that a web interface be developed to upload the data.  This application should be built using Microsoft Visual Studio. 
29.	The SOW states that data files are in various formats (Access, Excel, and delimited text); however, there is a later statement in the SOW that states "the contractor will automate the process that takes the submitted XML files from the FCA's web site and loads them into the target database."  I am confused as to whether the data files are in raw formats (Access, Excel, text delimited) or if the files are already in a standard XML format.  FCA currently receives files in Access, Excel and comma-delimited format.  The institutions may choose to submit the files in XML in the future.
30.	Can you please clarify the format of the data files?
?	If the files are in raw format, is it required to first turn the raw format into XML, and then load the XML file into the database?  No.
?	Is there a reason that raw formatted files cannot be directly loaded into the database?  No.
31.	The FCA will continue to accept new data elements. Is there a change control policy in place for modifying the XML schema?  No, FCA accepts any format.  Are there any constraints on the type of software for building the user interface?  FCA is not requesting that a user interface to the institutions be built.  FCA wants an application to be developed that will automate the loading the files received from the institutions.  This application should be built using Microsoft Visual Studio.
32.	Under the project background section there is a desire to continue to accept new data elements from institutions when they want to provide more information to FCA while under the Scope section there is a requirement to develop an xml schema to replace the current ad-hoc method of data submission. Is there a change control policy in place for modifying the xml schema? Can there be a freeze on the XML schema while development is taking place? No, FCA will continue to accept new data elements during the duration of this contract.
33.	In the introduction paragraph under SCOPE, it says ?The database structures will be populated with data using XML and also using the current methods described above.?  Does FCA want to continue to be able to receive data transfers from the district offices or other providers in MS Access, MS Excel and text files?  Yes.  Does FCA want the contractor?s DBA to manage ongoing loading of such data? No.
34.	In the introduction paragraph under SCOPE  - Is there a specific reason that FCA prefers XML-format?  Does FCA plan to use this data for other purposes, or do they simply favor XML for other reasons?  An XML format can affect performance on large uploads and requires larger storage space than other formats.  XML is vendor neutral and provides maximum flexibility to the institutions in the generation of their data sets.
35.	In Task 2 - Does FCA want to make the upload user-interface available to all of the 95 offices, or just the 5 district offices?  FCA has developed a method for the institutions to submit the datasets on FCA?s web site.  As Task 2 is defined in the SOW: The Contractor will automate the process that takes the submitted files and loads them into the target database.  The Contractor will also automate the process of identifying new data fields that are submitted by the institutions.  Additionally, the Contractor will work with FCA to develop checks between this new data system and FCA's Call Report System (CRS) to ensure the data in this new data system are reasonable before the data are made available to FCA's users.
36.	In Task 2 ? ?the Contractor will work with FCA to develop checks between this new data system and FCA's Call Report System.?   Does each upload to the central db at OE need to be checked against the CRS each time or is the check against the CRS a one-time check to verify the data from the new solution is coming in correctly?  Each upload needs to be error checked and validated.
37.	In Task 2 ? What would FCA like to check in relation to the Call Report System (CRS) and will the CRS continue to operate after the implementation of the new system?  Can we get a description of what the CRS is and how the data is verified currently?  The total book volume received in the datasets for an institution is compared to the total loan volume for the institution in CRS. This is done with a simple query of CRS and the two values should be within 10% of each other.  FCA may want to add several other simple validations.
38.	In Task 2 ?Where/When is the CRS currently run (in the main database, through another program?)?  It would be helpful to get the specifications on how this system runs and what it does to check the data so that we can write a program that will be compatible.  See answer to question 37.

Tasks 3 & 4 - Data Collection/Storage/Mapping

39.	Data Collection, Mapping, Views ? Does FCA have an estimate of the amount of data?  For example, the number of records overall?  The number of records uploaded monthly?  

AgFirst District data set is provided in a zipped MS Access database for each institution.  The total district data is approximately 150MB zipped and includes over 150,000 data rows.

The Texas District provides data for its 20 affiliated associations.  The submission includes active and inactive loans as well as informational records on gross participation credits.  A typical monthly submission from this district is about 3Gs and includes around 70,000 data rows.

The Agribank District provides two databases. Total size is approximately 600MB and includes around 355,000 data rows.

The Wichita submission is approximately 20MB and includes almost 50,000 data rows. 

There are approximately 23 other institutions that do not use one of the above service providers.  We refer to these as the Independents.  
 

40.	In Task 3 - Is the focus of the data to monitor banks and banking activities, or to monitor the performance of the loan portfolio in relation to timely payments and performance?  Or both?  FCA wants to measure credit quality and mission performance.  However, Task 3 is about data collection and storage.
41.	In Task 3 - Does FCA need any reports that would calculate functions relative to mortgage repayment schedules or amortizations?   No.
42.	In Task 4 ? FCA has outlined a requirement to automate the mapping of new data sets: ?The data maps, related look-up tables and scripts will be automated to the maximum extent possible?. What is the expectation for this requirement since new data fields can be added by any of the 95 contributing offices without giving FCA prior warning?   FCA would like the data load system that the contractor will develop to alert selected staff when new data elements are received from the institutions.  FCA will then determine whether the new data elements fit an existing columach association?  May we please have an example of the formats and data in the current Access, Excel and delimited text files? Are examples available of the data to be uploaded?  FCA is currently receiving the loan datasets in about 30 different formats.  This situation is not expected to change.  See also question 25.
24.	Can you tell me the total number of XML files that this project will involve and how many database files will need to be created?  So, is this 1-1 database mapping or 1 to multiple?  See question 25.
25.	What is the current process of uploading the files by various agencies?  Email, upload from a web site, FTP, etc? How do external agencies submit data to FCA, using a front end web application or via FTP?  The primary mode of data submission is via CD.  The districts prepare the data extracts and burn then to a CD.  The CD is received in the geographic field offices and the contents are manually copied to the McLean server.  The exception to this process is the institutions which do not utilize a bank and their service providers.   For these institutions the data is transmitted via the FCA E-portal and then copied to the McLean server. 

FCA is currently receiving the loan datasets in about 30 different formats.  This situation is not expected to change.  The majority of the data is received from one of four district banks (see question 39).  There are three institutions that provide unique data extracts.  The remaining institutions provide a limited data extract of approximately 70 elements.  These remaining institutions are not identical but do follow an agreed to format with minimal variation.  

Data from the district banks is received periodically (monthly or quarterly) via CD.  The other institutional data is received via the FCA E-portal.  The raw data is copied to a server for storage.  The data for each institution is individually batch processed when needed.  While the SOW must be able to work with our current protocol for data transmission and format (as discussed previously), the protocol may evolve toward more e-portal transmissions.  Nevertheless, loading of data will remain a batched process for the foreseeable future.

Currently the data processing is a very labor intensive and manual process.  FCA personnel must link the raw data file to an MS Access file which runs a series of queries to translate the submitted data format and fields to my standard data set.  We also add the Institution identifier and data keys at this point.  Aberrations in the received data is identified through query failures and resolved.  There is a unique set of queries for each of the submitted format.  The result is a data set consisting of 500 data element in 5 tables.  The total book value for a processed institution is compared to the CRS reported loan volume for validation.  Note, we process each data file (ie institution) individually and must repeat the process for each data submission.  

A key component of this project is to automate the protocol for processing of the data.  FCA expects that the contractor will develop an application that will automatically load the datasets into SQL Server and that any errors will be logged and sent to appropriate FCA staff for their action. The output will be a consolidated data set at recurring points in time (quarterly).   After the data is loaded into the tables, views will be created in an existing SQL Server installation.  FCA will develop its own reports that query the data in the new tables and/or views.


The Farm Credit Administration (FCA) has an immediate need for services from a qualified person(s) who is knowledgeable of and experienced in relational database management design and development, as well as data loading and mining operations.  The Contractor will assist FCA in developing a database to accumulate and store the loan portfolio data submitted by FArm Credit System institutions to the FCA.  The database will enhance the data interrogation capabilities of the FCA's examination and regulation and policy development staff by consolidating System data into a single database with comparable data fields.  The data tables will facilitate macro analysis of oversight of the System.  


Interested parties should contact Reevest@fca.gov for a complete Statement of Work.  

Questions will be received through November 30, 2007, at 2:00 PM EST.  An amendment will be posted answering questions December 4, 2007.

Proposals should be sent to Reevest@FCA.gov no later than 3:00 PM EST, Wednesday, December 12, 2007.

CLAIMS FOR RELIEF

The FCA is a nonappropriated fund activity not subject to GAO's bid protest provisions.  Any claim for relief filed by an offeror shall be adjudicated by the FCA Contracting Officer.  If the parties cannot reach an agreement mutually satisfactory after diligently pursuing a solution through discussions and negotiations, the FCA Contracting Officer shall make a final decision.  The FCA Contracting Officer's decision shall prevail unless the offeror submits an appeal to the FCA Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Stephen G. Smith.  The decision of the CFO shall be final and binding on the parties.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/FCA/OCAO/FCAASD/08-RFQ-04/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>1501 Farm Credit Drive
McLean, VA
<POPZIP>22102-5090
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commandant (CG-912), U.S. Coast Guard Headquarters
<ZIP>20593-0001
<CLASSCOD>19
<OFFADD>1240 East Ninth St, Cleveland , OH 44199
<SUBJECT>19--CATAMARAN ICE RESCUE CRAFT
<SOLNBR>2108308C29070
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>06182008
<CONTACT>Name: David Alvarez, Title: SKC/ Contracting Officer , Phone: 2169026372, Fax: 2169026380, Email: david.d.alvarez@uscg.mil;
<DESC>AMENDMENT NOTICE: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, in conjunction with FAR 13.5, as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; bids are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is 2108308C29070 and is issued as an invitation for bids (IFB), unless otherwise indicated herein. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2005-20. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 326199 with a small business size standard of 500 employees. This requirement is unrestricted and only qualified offerors may submit bids. The solicitation pricing on www.FedBid.com will start on the date this solicitation is posted and will end on 2007-12-21 14:00:00.0 Eastern Time or as otherwise displayed at www.FedBid.com. FOB Destination shall be Multiple shipping information. <BR><BR>The DHS-Coast Guard requires the following items, Meet or Exceed, to the following:  <BR>LI 001, Inflatable catamaran style ice rescue craft with trailer., 6, EA; <BR><BR>For this solicitation, DHS-Coast Guard intends to conduct an online competitive reverse auction to be facilitated by the third-party reverse auction provider, FedBid, Inc. FedBid has developed an online, anonymous, browser based application to conduct the reverse auction. An Offeror may submit a series of pricing bids, which descend in price during the specified period of time for the aforementioned reverse auction. DHS-Coast Guard is taking this action in an effort to improve both vendor access and awareness of requests and the agency's ability to gather multiple, completed, real-time bids. All responsible Offerors that respond to this solicitation MUST submit the pricing portion of their bid using the online exchange located at www.FedBid.com. There is no cost to register, review procurement data or make a bid on www.FedBid.com. Offerors that are not currently registered to use www.FedBid.com should proceed to www.FedBid.com to complete their free registration. Offerors that require special considerations or assistance may contact the FedBid Helpdesk at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or via email at clientservices@fedbid.com. Offerors may not artificially manipulate the price of a transaction on www.FedBid.com by any means. It is unacceptable to place bad faith bids, to use decoys in the www.FedBid.com process or to collude with the intent or effect of hampering the competitive www.FedBid.com process. Should offerors require additional clarification, notify the point of contact or FedBid at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or clientservices@fedbid.com. Use of FedBid:   Buyers and Sellers agree to conduct this transaction through FedBid in compliance with the FedBid Terms of Use.  Buyers and Sellers understand that FedBid ranks all bids by price; however, pursuant to applicable acquisition regulations and/or departmental guidelines, Buyers may use criteria other than price to evaluate offers.  Accordingly, please note that, unless otherwise specified herein below, to the extent required by applicable regulations and/or guidelines, award will be made to the responsible Seller whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Buyer on the basis of price, technical capability, delivery, and past performance.<BR><BR> In addition to providing pricing at www.FedBid.com for this solicitation, each Offeror must provide any required, NON-PRICING responses (e.g. technical proposal, representations and certifications, etc.) directly to david.d.alvarez@uscg.mil (NOT THROUGH FEDBID.COM) so that they are received at that email address no later than the closing date and time for this solicitation.<BR><BR>The selected Offeror must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions. FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The selected Offeror must submit a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition.<BR><BR>The following FAR clauses in paragraph (b) of FAR clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, will apply: 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.225-13, 52.232-34. The full text of a FAR clause may be accessed electronically at http://www.acqnet.gov/far.<BR><BR>Delivery shall be made within 30 days or less after receipt of order (ARO).<BR><BR>CCR Requirement - Company must be registered on Central Contractor Registration (CCR) before an award could be made to them. If company is not registered in CCR, they may do so by going to CCR web site at http://www.ccr.gov.<BR><BR>Vendor to provide make model and full specifications Item must be able to be delivered on or before the required delivery date of 30 January 2008<BR><BR>
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/GACS/2108308C29070/listing.html
<DESC>www.fedbid.com (b-59707_01, n-9914)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>Multiple shipping information.
<POPZIP>Multiple
<POPCOUNTRY>Multiple
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commandant (CG-912), U.S. Coast Guard Headquarters
<ZIP>20593-0001
<CLASSCOD>19
<OFFADD>1240 East Ninth St, Cleveland , OH 44199
<SUBJECT>19--CATAMARAN ICE RESCUE CRAFT
<SOLNBR>2108308C29070
<RESPDATE>122107
<ARCHDATE>06182008
<CONTACT>Name: David Alvarez, Title: SKC/ Contracting Officer , Phone: 2169026372, Fax: 2169026380, Email: david.d.alvarez@uscg.mil;
<DESC>AMENDMENT NOTICE: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, in conjunction with FAR 13.5, as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; bids are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is 2108308C29070 and is issued as an invitation for bids (IFB), unless otherwise indicated herein. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2005-20. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 326199 with a small business size standard of 500 employees. This requirement is unrestricted and only qualified offerors may submit bids. The solicitation pricing on www.FedBid.com will start on the date this solicitation is posted and will end on 2007-12-10 14:00:00.0 Eastern Time or as otherwise displayed at www.FedBid.com. FOB Destination shall be Multiple shipping information. <BR><BR>The DHS-Coast Guard requires the following items, Meet or Exceed, to the following:  <BR>LI 001, Inflatable catamaran style ice rescue craft with trailer., 6, EA; <BR><BR>For this solicitation, DHS-Coast Guard intends to conduct an online competitive reverse auction to be facilitated by the third-party reverse auction provider, FedBid, Inc. FedBid has developed an online, anonymous, browser based application to conduct the reverse auction. An Offeror may submit a series of pricing bids, which descend in price during the specified period of time for the aforementioned reverse auction. DHS-Coast Guard is taking this action in an effort to improve both vendor access and awareness of requests and the agency's ability to gather multiple, completed, real-time bids. All responsible Offerors that respond to this solicitation MUST submit the pricing portion of their bid using the online exchange located at www.FedBid.com. There is no cost to register, review procurement data or make a bid on www.FedBid.com. Offerors that are not currently registered to use www.FedBid.com should proceed to www.FedBid.com to complete their free registration. Offerors that require special considerations or assistance may contact the FedBid Helpdesk at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or via email at clientservices@fedbid.com. Offerors may not artificially manipulate the price of a transaction on www.FedBid.com by any means. It is unacceptable to place bad faith bids, to use decoys in the www.FedBid.com process or to collude with the intent or effect of hampering the competitive www.FedBid.com process. Should offerors require additional clarification, notify the point of contact or FedBid at 877-9FEDBID (877-933-3243) or clientservices@fedbid.com. Use of FedBid:   Buyers and Sellers agree to conduct this transaction through FedBid in compliance with the FedBid Terms of Use.  Buyers and Sellers understand that FedBid ranks all bids by price; however, pursuant to applicable acquisition regulations and/or departmental guidelines, Buyers may use criteria other than price to evaluate offers.  Accordingly, please note that, unless otherwise specified herein below, to the extent required by applicable regulations and/or guidelines, award will be made to the responsible Seller whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Buyer on the basis of price, technical capability, delivery, and past performance.<BR><BR> In addition to providing pricing at www.FedBid.com for this solicitation, each Offeror must provide any required, NON-PRICING responses (e.g. technical proposal, representations and certifications, etc.) directly to david.d.alvarez@uscg.mil (NOT THROUGH FEDBID.COM) so that they are received at that email address no later than the closing date and time for this solicitation.<BR><BR>The selected Offeror must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions. FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The selected Offeror must submit a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition.<BR><BR>The following FAR clauses in paragraph (b) of FAR clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, will apply: 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.225-13, 52.232-34. The full text of a FAR clause may be accessed electronically at http://www.acqnet.gov/far.<BR><BR>Delivery shall be made within 30 days or less after receipt of order (ARO).<BR><BR>CCR Requirement - Company must be registered on Central Contractor Registration (CCR) before an award could be made to them. If company is not registered in CCR, they may do so by going to CCR web site at http://www.ccr.gov.<BR><BR>Vendor to provide make model and full specifications<BR><BR>
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/GACS/2108308C29070/listing.html
<DESC>www.fedbid.com (b-59707_02, n-9919)
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPADDRESS>Multiple shipping information.
<POPZIP>Multiple
<POPCOUNTRY>Multiple
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Farm Service Agency
<LOCATION>USDA, FSA, KCAO, ASD
<ZIP>64141-6205
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, USDA, FSA, KCAO, ASD, P. O. Box 419205, Kansas City, MO, 64141-6205, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- FARM APPLICATIONS SERVICES AND TECHNOLOGY (FAST)
<SOLNBR>AG-645S-S-08-0001
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>01182008
<CONTACT>Liz Green, Contract Specialist, Phone 816-926-2614, Fax 816-823-4248, Email elizabeth.green@kcc.usda.gov
<DESC>AMENDMENT TO SOLICITATION NOTICE:

THE SF-30 WAS POSTED TODAY AT HTTP://www.fsa.usda.gov/amd WHICH NOTIFIES ALL INTERESTED PARTIES TO THE RELEASE OF THE SF-33 FOR THIS SOLICITATION.

Solicitation Notice:

AG-645S-S-08-0001 Small Business Set-Aside

	Solicitation notice is for the small business set-aside multiple award task order contract for Information Technology (IT) support services, referred to as Farm Application Services and Technologies (FAST).  This solicitation will result in the award of up to two (2) contracts to small businesses.  FAST awards will include these two as well as awards made off of Solicitations AG-645S-S-08-0002 and AG-645S-S-08-0003.  A total of six contracts will be awarded - two (2) to small business of any type, one (1) to a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) specifically, and three (3) that are unrestricted.  FAST will enable the United States Department of Agriculture?s (USDA) Farm Service Agency?s (FSA) information and program areas to accomplish the Agency?s mission objectives. FAST is designed to offer a broad range of services, solutions and contract types to fulfill the majority of component and departmental IT service needs. The Contractor shall provide a wide range of IT support services for the USDA-FSA.  The Contractor shall provide all personnel, materials, supervision and other items and services necessary to perform IT as defined in the Statement of Work (SOW).  The three (3) small business awards (two from this solicitation and one from the SDVOSB solicitation) will include a SOW comprised of five comprehensive functional service areas.  Functional Area 1- Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Oversight Services: requires that the Contractor shall provide any and all phases of portfolio management, information technology management and cost studies, project management and Enterprise Architecture.  Functional Area 2-Computer Facilities Management Services and Information Technology Support: requires that the Contractor shall engage in providing on-site management and operation of clients? computer systems and/or data processing facilities and IT processing support.  Such as:  computer system facilities service, end user support and help desk work.  Functional Area 3- Information Security and Other Computer Related Services: requires that the Contractor shall provide the full range of Information Security and other computer related services such as:  independent test, validation, verification, and evaluation solutions to ensure that all IT products and services meet agency standards, and are performing to defined security specifications/capabilities.  Such as:  A-123 Management Controls and IT audit support, contingency planning or disaster preparedness/recovery.  Functional Area 4-All Other Information Services: requires that the Contractor shall provide all phases of design, development and delivery of miscellaneous information services.  Such as:  distance learning, training, i.e., curriculum development, custom developed classroom training, meeting planning and facilitation services, E-commerce, or telephone-based recorded information services.  Functional Area 5- Custom Software Design, Development, Implementation, and Integration Services: requires that the Contractor provide any and all phases of system development lifecycle management activities in accordance with FSA?s System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  System development lifecycle management activities include concept development, planning, requirements definition and analysis, systems analysis and design, development, implementation, configuration management, testing, deployment, and maintenance.  The Contractor shall also provide support for related IT system management activities in support of assigned systems to include security certification and accreditation, disaster recovery, and IT capital planning support. Specific requirements will be further identified and defined at the task order level. Of these five (5) functional areas, Functional Areas 1 ? 4 are restricted to competition among the three small business awardees (two awards from this solicitation and one from the SDVOSB solicitation).  Functional Area 5 will be open to competition among all six awardees. The nature of work in the functional areas requires contractor support in the IT development, migration and support of systems that meet the business and program needs for FSA.  The support in all of the functional areas shall cover the spectrum from local microcomputer applications to large-scale integrated systems (web-based or mainframe) and shall involve a variety of software languages, i.e., COBOL, Java and hardware platforms including PC, AS/400, XP, UNIX, mainframe.  The Contractor shall be required to perform IT work according to FSA?s Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), architectures, standards, guidelines, and procedures as stated in individual Task Orders.  The Contractor shall also ensure compliance with federal regulations, security certification and accreditation, disaster recovery, and IT capital planning as stated in individual Task Orders.  Major IT support offices for FSA are located in Kansas City and St. Louis, Missouri; and Washington, D.C.  Additional support efforts may be required at the FSA-Aerial Photography Field Office (APFO) located in Salt Lake City, Utah.  Prior historical knowledge of FSA indicates that over 85% of the work will be on-site in Kansas City, approximately 5% on-site in St. Louis, 5% in WDC, and less than 5% in Salt Lake City.  The Contractor shall provide IT services on an as needed basis and in the quantities specified in task orders issued by the Contracting Officer (CO).  Support requirements include:  direct on-site IT services such as software engineering, programming and implementation support for integrated telecommunications networks, IT application development, imaging support, data warehousing, COTS integration services, design and implement linkages and interfaces for enterprise architecture solutions, Enterprise GIS engineering and application development, Remote Sensing, and business application engineering.  The IDIQ contract will have a five year period of performance and each individual task order will establish a period of performance for the individual effort.  Proposals are due on January 3, 2008, at 2:30 p.m. Central Standard Time.  The solicitation is posted on the following website http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=about&subject=landing&topic=sao-dm-am.  All interested parties are responsible for downloading the solicitation from this site.  Interested parties are to e-mail their intent to download the solicitation.  This e-mail will provide the name, address, telephone number and point of contact of the organization.  This information will be included in a potential offeror?s list, which will also be available for download on the same site and will be updated no less than weekly. Potential offerors are responsible for checking this web site for any amendments and downloading those amendments as they occur.  No separate notice will be provided. Send the intent e-mail to Liz Green, Contract Specialist, at Elizabeth.green@kcc.usda.gov . All responsible sources may submit a proposal at their own cost which will be considered.

	Point of Contact:

	Liz Green, Contract Specialist, 816-926-2617, Fax, 816-823-4248, Email Elizabeth.green@kcc.usda.gov or Pamela S. Wellons, Chief, Acquisition Branch, 816-926-6084, Email Pamela.wellons@kcc.usda.gov, fax 816-823-1593.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FSA/KCAO/AG-645S-S-08-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPADDRESS>USDA/FARM SERVICE AGENCY
6501 BEACON DRIVE
KANSAS CITY, MO
<POPZIP>64133-4676
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Farm Service Agency
<LOCATION>USDA, FSA, KCAO, ASD
<ZIP>64141-6205
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, USDA, FSA, KCAO, ASD, P. O. Box 419205, Kansas City, MO, 64141-6205, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- FARM APPLICATIONS SERVICES AND TECHNOLOGY (FAST)
<SOLNBR>AG-645S-S-08-0002
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>01182008
<CONTACT>Liz Green, Contract Specialist, Phone 816-926-2614, Fax 816-823-4248, Email elizabeth.green@kcc.usda.gov
<DESC>AMENDMENT TO SOLICITATION:

THE SF-30 WAS RELEASED TODAY AND POSTED AT http://www.fsa.usda.gov/amd IT STATED THAT THE SF-33 WAS RELEASED TODAY.

Solicitation Notice:

AG-645S-S-08-0002 Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Set-Aside

	Solicitation notice is for the service disabled veteran owned small business set-aside multiple award task order contract for Information Technology (IT) support services, referred to as Farm Application Services and Technologies (FAST).  This solicitation will result in the award of one (1) contract to service disabled veteran owned small business.  FAST awards will include this one as well as awards made off of Solicitations AG-645S-S-08-0001 and AG-645S-S-08-0003.  A total of six contracts will be awarded - two (2) to small business of any type, one (1) to a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) specifically, and three (3) that are unrestricted.  FAST will enable the United States Department of Agriculture?s (USDA) Farm Service Agency?s (FSA) information and program areas to accomplish the Agency?s mission objectives. FAST is designed to offer a broad range of services, solutions and contract types to fulfill the majority of component and departmental IT service needs. The Contractor shall provide a wide range of IT support services for the USDA-FSA.  The Contractor shall provide all personnel, materials, supervision and other items and services necessary to perform IT as defined in the Statement of Work (SOW).  The three (3) small business awards (two from this solicitation and one from the SDVOSB solicitation) will include a SOW comprised of five comprehensive functional service areas.  Functional Area 1-Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Oversight Services: requires that the Contractor shall provide any and all phases of portfolio management, information technology management and cost studies, project management and Enterprise Architecture.  Functional Area 2-Computer Facilities Management Services and Information Technology Support: requires that the Contractor shall engage in providing on-site management and operation of clients? computer systems and/or data processing facilities and IT processing support.  Such as:  computer system facilities service, end user support and help desk work.  Functional Area 3-Information Security and Other Computer Related Services: requires that the Contractor shall provide the full range of Information Security and other computer related services such as:  independent test, validation, verification, and evaluation solutions to ensure that all IT products and services meet agency standards, and are performing to defined security specifications/capabilities.  Such as:  A-123 Management Controls and IT audit support, contingency planning or disaster preparedness/recovery.  Functional Area 4-All Other Information Services: requires that the Contractor shall provide all phases of design, development and delivery of miscellaneous information services.  Such as:  distance learning, training, i.e., curriculum development, custom developed classroom training, meeting planning and facilitation services, E-commerce, or telephone-based recorded information services.  Functional Area 5-Custom Software Design, Development, Implementation, and Integration Services: requires that the Contractor provide any and all phases of system development lifecycle management activities in accordance with FSA?s System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  System development lifecycle management activities include concept development, planning, requirements definition and analysis, systems analysis and design, development, implementation, configuration management, testing, deployment, and maintenance.  The Contractor shall also provide support for related IT system management activities in support of assigned systems to include security certification and accreditation, disaster recovery, and IT capital planning support. Specific requirements will be further identified and defined at the task order level. Of these five (5) functional areas, Functional Areas 1 ? 4 are restricted to competition among the three small business awardees (two awards from this solicitation and one from the SDVOSB solicitation).  Functional Area 5 will be open to competition among all six awardees. The nature of work in the functional areas requires contractor support in the IT development, migration and support of systems that meet the business and program needs for FSA.  The support in all of the functional areas shall cover the spectrum from local microcomputer applications to large-scale integrated systems (web-based or mainframe) and shall involve a variety of software languages, i.e., COBOL, Java and hardware platforms including PC, AS/400, XP, UNIX, mainframe.  The Contractor shall be required to perform IT work according to FSA?s Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), architectures, standards, guidelines, and procedures as stated in individual Task Orders.  The Contractor shall also ensure compliance with federal regulations, security certification and accreditation, disaster recovery, and IT capital planning as stated in individual Task Orders.  Major IT support offices for FSA are located in Kansas City and St. Louis, Missouri; and Washington, D.C.  Additional support efforts may be required at the FSA-Aerial Photography Field Office (APFO) located in Salt Lake City, Utah.  Prior historical knowledge of FSA indicates that over 85% of the work will be on-site in Kansas City, approximately 5% on-site in St. Louis, 5% in WDC, and less than 5% in Salt Lake City.  The Contractor shall provide IT services on an as needed basis and in the quantities specified in task orders issued by the Contracting Officer (CO).  Support requirements include:  direct on-site IT services such as software engineering, programming and implementation support for integrated telecommunications networks, IT application development, imaging support, data warehousing, COTS integration services, design and implement linkages and interfaces for enterprise architecture solutions, Enterprise GIS engineering and application development, Remote Sensing, and business application engineering.  The IDIQ contract will have a five year period of performance and each individual task order will establish a period of performance for the individual effort. Proposals are due on January 3, 2008, at 2:30 p.m. Central Standard Time.  The solicitation is posted on the following website http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=about&subject=landing&topic=sao-dm-am.  All interested parties are responsible for downloading the solicitation from this site. Interested parties are to e-mail their intent to download the solicitation.  This e-mail will provide the name, address, telephone number and point of contact of the organization.  This information will be included in a potential offeror?s list, which will also be available for download on the same site and will be updated no less than weekly. Potential offerors are responsible for checking this web site for any amendments and downloading those amendments as they occur.  No separate notice will be provided. Send the intent e-mail to Liz Green, Contract Specialist, at Elizabeth.green@kcc.usda.gov . All responsible sources may submit a proposal at their own cost which will be considered.

	Point of Contact:

	Liz Green, Contract Specialist, 816-926-2617, Fax, 816-823-4248, Email Elizabeth.green@kcc.usda.gov or Pamela S. Wellons, Chief, Acquisition Branch, 816-926-6084, Email Pamela.wellons@kcc.usda.gov, fax 816-823-1593.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FSA/KCAO/AG-645S-S-08-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
<POPADDRESS>USDA/FARM SERVICE AGENCY
6501 BEACON DRIVE
KANSAS CITY, MO
<POPZIP>64133-4676
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Farm Service Agency
<LOCATION>USDA, FSA, KCAO, ASD
<ZIP>64141-6205
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Farm Service Agency, USDA, FSA, KCAO, ASD, P. O. Box 419205, Kansas City, MO, 64141-6205, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>D -- FARM APPLICATIONS SERVICES AND TECHNOLOGY (FAST)
<SOLNBR>AG-645S-S-08-0003
<RESPDATE>010308
<ARCHDATE>01182008
<CONTACT>Liz Green, Contract Specialist, Phone 816-926-2614, Fax 816-823-4248, Email elizabeth.green@kcc.usda.gov
<DESC>AMENDMENT TO SOLICITATION:

THE SF-30 WAS RELEASED TODAY AT http://www.fsa.usda.gov/amd IT STATED THAT THE SF-33 WAS RELEASED TODAY.



Solicitation Notice:

AG-645S-S-08-0003 Full and Open Competition

	Solicitation notice is for the full and open competitive multiple award task order contract for Information Technology (IT) support services, referred to as Farm Application Services and Technologies (FAST).  This solicitation will result in the award of up to three (3) contracts.  FAST awards will include these three as well as awards made off of Solicitations AG-645S-S-08-0001 and AG-645S-S-08-0002.  A total of six contracts will be awarded - two (2) to small business of any type, one (1) to a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) specifically, and three (3) that are unrestricted.  FAST will enable the United States Department of Agriculture?s (USDA) Farm Service Agency?s (FSA) information and program areas to accomplish the Agency?s mission objectives. FAST is designed to offer a broad range of services, solutions and contract types to fulfill the majority of component and departmental IT service needs. The Contractor shall provide a wide range of IT support services for the USDA-FSA.  The Contractor shall provide all personnel, materials, supervision and other items and services necessary to perform IT as defined in the Statement of Work (SOW).  The three (3) small business awards (two from this solicitation and one from the SDVOSB solicitation) will include a SOW comprised of five comprehensive functional service areas.  The three (3) awards under the full and open competitive solicitation will have a Statement of Work (SOW) that is limited to functional service area 5 only.  Functional Area 5-Custom Software Design, Development, Implementation, and Integration Services:  requires that the Contractor provide any and all phases of system development lifecycle management activities in accordance with FSA?s System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  System development lifecycle management activities include concept development, planning, requirements definition and analysis, systems analysis and design, development, implementation, configuration management, testing, deployment, and maintenance.  The Contractor shall also provide support for related IT system management activities in support of assigned systems to include security certification and accreditation, disaster recovery, and IT capital planning support. Specific requirements will be further identified and defined at the task order level. Functional Area 5 task orders will be open to competition among all six awardees. The nature of work in the functional areas requires contractor support in the IT development, migration and support of systems that meet the business and program needs for FSA.  The support in all of the functional areas shall cover the spectrum from local microcomputer applications to large-scale integrated systems (web-based or mainframe) and shall involve a variety of software languages, i.e., COBOL, Java and hardware platforms including PC, AS/400, XP, UNIX, mainframe.  The Contractor shall be required to perform IT work according to FSA?s Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), architectures, standards, guidelines, and procedures as stated in individual Task Orders.  The Contractor shall also ensure compliance with federal regulations, security certification and accreditation, disaster recovery, and IT capital planning as stated in individual Task Orders.  Major IT support offices for FSA are located in Kansas City and St. Louis, Missouri; and Washington, D.C.  Additional support efforts may be required at the FSA-Aerial Photography Field Office (APFO) located in Salt Lake City, Utah.  Prior historical knowledge of FSA indicates that over 85% of the work will be on-site in Kansas City, approximately 5% on-site in St. Louis, 5% in WDC, and less than 5% in Salt Lake City.  The Contractor shall provide IT services on an as needed basis and in the quantities specified in task orders issued by the Contracting Officer (CO).    The IDIQ contract will have a five year period of performance and each individual task order will establish a period of performance for the individual effort. Proposals are due on January 3, 2008, at 2:30 p.m. Central Standard Time.  The solicitation is posted on the following website http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=about&subject=landing&topic=sao-dm-am.  All interested parties are responsible for downloading the solicitation from this site. Interested parties are to e-mail their intent to download the solicitation.  This e-mail will provide the name, address, telephone number and point of contact of the organization.  This information will be included in a potential offeror?s list, which will also be available for download on the same site and will be updated no less than weekly. Potential offerors are responsible for checking this web site for any amendments and downloading those amendments as they occur.  No separate notice will be provided. Send the intent e-mail to Liz Green, Contract Specialist, at Elizabeth.green@kcc.usda.gov . All responsible sources may submit a proposal at their own cost which will be considered.

	Point of Contact:

	Liz Green, Contract Specialist, 816-926-2617, Fax, 816-823-4248, Email Elizabeth.green@kcc.usda.gov or Pamela S. Wellons, Chief, Acquisition Branch, 816-926-6084, Email Pamela.wellons@kcc.usda.gov, fax 816-823-1593.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/FSA/KCAO/AG-645S-S-08-0003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>USDA/FARM SERVICE AGENCY 
6501 BEACON DRIVE
KANSAS CITY, MO
<POPZIP>64133-4676
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>55 CONS
<ZIP>68113-2107
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>423610
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Combat Command, 55 CONS, 101 Washington Sq Bldg 40, Offutt AFB, NE, 68113-2107, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>59 -- Power Distribution Units
<SOLNBR>F3HRA17248A001
<RESPDATE>120707
<ARCHDATE>12222007
<CONTACT>Andrew Peterson, Contract Admin, Phone 402-294-9600, Fax 402-294-7280, Email Andrew1.Peterson@offutt.af.mil - Chyteira Dues, Contract Specialist, Phone 402-232-8657, Fax 402-294-7280, Email chyteira.dues@offutt.af.mil
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation Sub Part 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED.  Solicitation number F3HRA17248A001 is issued as a request for quotations.  The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-19.; the NAICS Code is 423610; the NAICS size standard is 100 employees.  55 CONS intends to issue a firm fixed priced purchase order for the purchase and installation of:  0001: (15 each, 3 pnlbrd, 100kVA); 0002: (3 each, 2 pnlbrd, 50kVA) - Power Distribution Units (PDU), power whips, circuit breakers, and remote monitoring capability (including shipment).  Please see attached schedule A list of all associated parts and part numbers.  The first 3 100kVA PDUs and associated whips and circuit breakers must be delivered as soon as possible, the remainder can be delivered incrementally between 2 January and 1 April 2008.  Delivery and timing details will be discussed after an award has been made.
 

All quotes should be received NLT Thursday, 07 December 2007, at 3:00 pm (cst), and sent electronically via e-mail, if possible, to chyteira.dues@offutt.af.mil or andrew1.peterson@offutt.af.mil or faxed to (402) 294-7280.
 
All potential bidders are reminded, in accordance with  DFARS 252.204-7004 Alt A, Required Central Contract Registration, that lack of registration in the CCR database BY Thursday, 25 October 2007, at 3:00 pm (cst) will make a offeror ineligible for award. Also, the contractor must have the NAICS code listed in this solicitation on their CCR Registration. 
The following provisions and clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial; FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation- Commercial Items, (a.  Price and delivery, in order of importance); (Offerors must include a complete copy of 52.212-3, Offeror Representation and Certifications -- Commercial Items with offer which can be found at https://orca.bpn.gov/; FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Status of Executive Orders -- Commercial Items; FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items; 52.219-27, Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set Aside; 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items; 252.212-7000, Offeror Representations and Certifications--Commercial Items; 252.225-7000, Buy American Act--Balance of Payments Program Certificate; 252.225-7001, Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program; 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea.
Please reference solicitation # F3HRA17248A001 on all correspondence.  No numbered notes are applicable to this acquisition.  Any questions should be submitted to SSgt Andrew Peterson at (402) 232-8659 or via email at chyteira.dues@offutt.af.mil or 1Lt Chyteira Dues at (402) 294-8657 or via email at charles.cunningham@offutt.af.mil .  Complete written quotations will be due and must be physically received by the 55th Contracting Squadron/LGCB, 101 Washington Square. Bldg 40,  Offutt AFB 68113  NLT Thursday, 07 December 2007, at 3:00 pm (cst).  Quotations may be submitted via email to chyteira.dues@offutt.af.mil or andrew1.peterson@offutt.af.mil or faxed to (402) 294-7280.  
 
 
Parts List
 

Circuit Breakers:          
Qty Description   Part Number  
 
59 1 Pole 20 Amp GE Plug In 111-002-002 
48 2 Pole 20 Amp GE Plug In 111-005-002 
68 2 Pole 30 Amp GE Plug In 111-007-002 
8 3 Pole 60 Amp GE Plug In 111-017-002  
12 3 Pole 100 Amp GE Plug In 111-018-002   
  POWER WHIPS:
 
 
 
10FT,110V,20A,Quadplex,6EACH; 15FT,110V,20A,Quadplex,4EACH;                                    20FT,110V,20A,Quadplex,21EACH;   
25FT,110V,20A,Quadplex,10EACH;
30FT,110V,20A,Quadplex,16EACH;
35FT,110V,20A,Quadplex,2EACH;
 

10FT,208V,20A,L6-20R(box),16EACH;
15FT,208V,20A,L6-20R(box),12EACH;
20FT,208V,20A,L6-20R(box),15EACH;
25FT,208V,20A,L6-20R(box),3EACH;
30FT,208V,20A,L6-20R(box),2EACH;
15FT,208V,30A,L6-30R(box),16EACH;
20FT,208V,30A,L6-30R(box),16EACH;           
25FT,208V,30A,L6-30R(box),16EACH;
30FT,208V,30A,L6-30R(box),16EACH;
30FT,208V,30A,RS3933,4EACH;
15FT,60A,3ph,460C9W,2EACH; 
20FT,60A,3ph,460C9W,4EACH;
25FT,60A,3ph,460C9W,2EACH;
15FT,100A,3ph,4100C9W,4EACH;
20FT,100A,3ph,4100C9W,4EACH;
25FT,100A,3ph,4100C9W,4EACH;
PDUs:
15 ea, 3 panel board 100 kVA (Model No. PPA100C215)/
3 ea, 2 panel board 50 kVA (Model No. PPA050C215)/
Branch circuit monitoring (software application)
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/55CONS/F3HRA17248A001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Veteran-Owned Small Business
<POPADDRESS>101 Washington Sq, Bldg 40
Offutt AFB, NE
<POPZIP>68113
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Aircraft Repair & Supply Center
<ZIP>27909-5001
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer, USCG Aircraft Repair & Supply Center, HU25, HH65, H60J, C130, EISD, 130J or  ALD Support, Elizabeth City, NC, 27909-5001, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- AIRCRAFT PARTS
<SOLNBR>HSCG38-08-Q-100003
<RESPDATE>121707
<ARCHDATE>01012008
<CONTACT>Denise Coley, Purchasing Agent, Phone (252) 335-6562, Fax (252) 334-5427, Email denise.m.coley@uscg.mil
<DESC>ADDED STOCK REPLENISHMENT SEE #5 AND #6 BELOW. 


This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items and services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation and no other solicitation document will be issued. Request for Quotation (RFQ) number HSCG38-08-Q-100003 is assigned for tracking purposes only. The incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-20. The US Coast Guard Aircraft Repair and Supply Center (ARSC) intends to award a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) purchase order using Simplified Acquisition Procedures for the purchase of a
1. TEMPERATURE PROBE, P/N RP482-00, QTY 4 EA;
2. ROLLER BEARING, AIRF, P/N ANV16SP34C, QTY 6 EA; 
3. INSULATION BLANKET, P/N 1702A, QTY 3 EA; 
4. NON-METALLIC SP, P/N M20H221043890B1, QTY 16EA. 
5. FILTER, ELEMENT, P/N CG0380103391B00, QTY 6 EA.
6. CYLINDER, ASSEMBLY, P/N A23732-104, QTY 1 EA. 
Used Items/Parts are not acceptable. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 336413 and the small business size standard is 1000 employees. This is an unrestricted procurement. All items are to be delivered to US Coast Guard Aircraft Repair and Supply Center, Bldg.63, Elizabeth City NC 27909. The Coast Guard does not own nor can they obtain specifications, drawings, plans or other technical data for this material. Request for drawings or applicable proprietary service bulletins will be disregarded. FOB Destination quotes are desired. FOB Origin quotes must include shipping charges to be considered responsive. Inspection and acceptance of material shall be performed by the USCG Aircraft Repair and Supply Center Receiving personnel. Desired delivery is 30 days after receipt of order. Required delivery is 60 days after receipt of order. Packaging and marking: shall be in accordance with ASTM D3951-98 re-approved 2004, Commercial Packaging, Shipping and Storage Procedures. Note each part must be individually packed in a separate box suitable for shipment via air, land or sea to enable shipment to destination and transshipment to a Coast Guard unit without repacking or incurring damage during shipping and handling. Each individual container shall have a copy of the packing slip attached indicating the National Stock Number, Part number, Purchase Order Number, and quantity. Packaging Material shall not consist of popcorn, shredded paper, Styrofoam of any type of peanut packaging. Preservation and protection shall be provided to prevent corrosion, deterioration or decay during warehouse storage period of one year. All responsible sources may submit a quote which shall be considered by the agency.  Anticipated award date is Dec 18, 2007. This date is approximate and not exact.  Sources must have a valid Cage Code and DUNS number or the ability to obtain one, and also be registered in CCR (Central Contractor Registration) www.ccr.gov .
            The following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), and Homeland Security Acquisition Regulation (HSAR) provisions and clauses apply:  FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items (September 2006),  
      
            FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Items (January 1999)- award will be made to the Offeror proposing the best value to the Government considering price, delivery, and past performance, and quality.
            FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items (Sep 2007) to include Alt I (Sep 07). These certifications must be included with quote and can be accessed and downloaded via FedBizOps with this RFQ. Contractors are encouraged to submit through http://orca.bpn.gov 


*PLEASE NOTE*

NOTICE TO OFFERORS CONCERNING REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS:
  
This solicitation contains FAR Clause 52.204-7, Central Contractor Registration and FAR Provision 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications.  In accordance with FAR 4.1201 prospective contractors are required to submit annual representations and certifications via the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) at http://orca.bpn.gov.  Please ensure completion prior to submission of your quote.  Also note that paragraph (b) of FAR 52.204-8, applies.

FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions ?Commercial Items (Feb 2007) with the following addendas:

FAR 52.211-14 Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense Use (Sep 1990) DO Rated.
            
            
                                                             End of Clause


 HSAR 3052.209?70  PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS WITH CORPORATE EXPATRIATES (JUN 2006).
 
    (a) Prohibitions. 
    Section 835 of the Homeland Security Act, 6 U.S.C. 395, prohibits the Department of Homeland Security from entering into any contract with a foreign incorporated entity which is treated as an inverted domestic corporation as defined in this clause or with any subsidiary of such an entity. The Secretary shall waive the prohibition with respect to any specific contract if the Secretary determines that the waiver is required in the interest of homeland security, or to prevent the loss of any jobs in the United States or prevent the Government from incurring any additional costs that otherwise would not occur. 
    (b) Definitions. As used in this clause: 
    Expanded Affiliated Group means an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (without regard to section 1504(b) of such Code), except that section 1504 of such Code shall be applied by substituting ?more than 50 percent? for ?at least 80 percent? each place it appears. 
    Foreign Incorporated Entity means any entity which is, or but for subsection (b) of section 835 of the Homeland Security Act, Section 835 of the Homeland Security Act, 6 U.S.C. 395 would be, treated as a foreign corporation for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
    Inverted Domestic Corporation. A foreign incorporated entity shall be treated as an inverted domestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)? 
    (1)  The entity completes the direct or indirect acquisition of substantially all of the properties held directly or indirectly by a domestic corporation or substantially all of the properties constituting a trade or business of a domestic partnership; 
    (2) After the acquisition at least 80 percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity 
is held? 
In the case of an acquisition with respect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic corporation; or
    (ii) In the case of an acquisition with respect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by reason of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership; and 
    (3) The expanded affiliated group which after the acquisition includes the entity does not have substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when compared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliate. 
    Person, domestic, and foreign have the meanings given such terms by paragraphs (1), (4), and (5) of section 7701(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, respectively. 
    (c) Special rules. The following definitions and special rules shall apply when determining whether a foreign incorporated entity should be treated as an inverted domestic corporation. 
    (1) Certain stock disregarded. For the purpose of treating a foreign incorporated entity as an inverted domestic corporation these shall not be taken into account in determining ownership: 
    (i) stock held by members of the expanded affiliated group which includes the foreign 
incorporated entity; or 
    (ii) stock of such entity which is sold in a public offering related to the acquisition described in subsection (b)(1) of Section 835 of the Homeland Security Act, 6 U.S.C. 395(b)(1).    
    (2) Plan deemed in certain cases. If a foreign incorporated entity acquires directly or indirectly substantially all of the properties of a domestic corporation or partnership during the 4-year period beginning on the date which is after the date of enactment of this Act and which is 2 years before the ownership requirements of subsection (b)(2) are met, such actions shall be treated as pursuant to a plan. 
    (3) Certain transfers disregarded. The transfer of properties or liabilities (including by contribution or distribution) shall be disregarded if such transfers are part of a plan a principal purpose of which is to avoid the purpose of this section.
    (d) Special rule for related partnerships.  For purposes of applying section 835(b) of the Homeland Security Act, 6 U.S.C. 395(b) to the acquisition of a domestic partnership, except as provided in regulations, all domestic partnerships which are under common control (within the meaning of section 482 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) shall be treated as a partnership. 
    (e) Treatment of Certain Rights. 
    (1) Certain rights shall be treated as stocks to the extent necessary to reflect the present value of all equitable interests incident to the transaction, as follows: 
    (i) Warrants; 
    (ii) Options; 
    (iii) Contracts to acquire stock; 
    (iv) Convertible debt instruments; 
    (v) Others similar interests. 
    (2) Rights labeled as stocks shall not be treated as stocks whenever it is deemed appropriate to do so to reflect the present value of the transaction or to disregard transactions whose recognition would defeat the purpose of section 835. 
    (f) Disclosure. The offeror under this solicitation represents that {Check one}:
__ it is not a foreign incorporated entity that should be treated as an inverted domestic corporation pursuant to the criteria of (HSAR) 48 CFR 3009.104-70 through 3009.104-73;
__it is a foreign incorporated entity that should be treated as an inverted domestic corporation pursuant to the criteria (HSAR) 48 CFR 3009.104-70 through 3009.104-73, but it has submitted a request for waiver pursuant to 3009.104-74, which has not been denied; or
__it is a foreign incorporated entity that should be treated as an inverted domestic corporation pursuant to the criteria (HSAR) 48 CFR 3009-.104-70 through 3009.104-73, but plans to submit a request for waiver pursuant to 3009.104-74.
  (g)  A copy of the approved waiver, if a waiver has already been granted, or the waiver request, if a waiver has been applied for, shall be attached to the bid or proposal.
 
(End of Clause)

      FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders  Commercial Items (Jun 2007), 
      FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (June 2003) (E.O. 11755)
      FAR 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Feb 1999)
      FAR 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity (Mar 2007)(E.O. 11246),
      FAR 52.222-35  Equal Opportunity for Special Disable Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans (Sep 2006)  (38 U.S.C. 4212), 
      FAR 52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 1998)(29 U.S.C. 793),
FAR 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans and Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans (Sep 2006)(38 U.S.C. 4212),and 41 U.S.C. 351),
FAR 52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2006)(E.O. 12722, 12724, 13059.13067,13121, and 13129),

FAR 52.232.33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Central Contractor Registration 
         (Oct 2003)(31 U.S.C. 3332) 
                                                                End of Clause
   


Quotes may be submitted on company letterhead stationary and must include the
following information: Unit Price, Extended Price, Estimated Delivery Date ARO, Payment
Terms and discount offered for prompt payment, and must include the required FAR
52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items (Nov 2006) of
copies can be obtained by calling the Agency or by downloading from the FedBizOps
website.  

The closing date and time for receipt of offers is DECEMBER 17, 2007,
 4:00 PM Eastern Time. Facsimile or E-mail quotes are acceptable and may be E-mailed to Denise.M.Coley@uscg.mil or Terence.L.Blucker@uscg.mil  or faxed to (252) 334-5427. Contact Denise Coley at (252) 335-6562 or Terry Blucker at (252) 334-5203 for questions regarding this solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/USCGARSC/HSCG38-08-Q-100003/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>HU25 FALCON DIVISION
UNITED STATES COAST GUARD
AIRCRAFT REPAIR AND SUPPLY CENTER
ELIZABETH CITY, NC
<POPZIP>27909-5001
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Aircraft Repair & Supply Center
<ZIP>27909-5001
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer, USCG Aircraft Repair & Supply Center, HU25, HH65, H60J, C130, EISD, 130J or  ALD Support, Elizabeth City, NC, 27909-5001, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>16 -- HH65 Spares
<SOLNBR>HSCG38-08-Q-200015
<RESPDATE>120407
<ARCHDATE>02152008
<CONTACT>Ewa Brown, HH65 Contract Specialist, Phone 2523345407, Fax 2523345240, Email Ewa.K.Brown@uscg.mil - Valerie Taylor, HH65 Contract Specialist, Phone 252-335-6822, Fax 252-334-5240, Email Valerie.D.Taylor@uscg.mil
<DESC>This amendment extends the closing date for receipt of quotes until December 11, 2007, 3:00 p.m., EST. Anticipated award date is on or before January 25, 2008.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/USCGARSC/HSCG38-08-Q-200015/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>ARSC, Weeksville Rd, Bldg 63, Elizabeth City, NC
<POPZIP>27909
<POPCOUNTRY>UNITED STATES
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center
<ZIP>21226-5000
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>811213
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center, 2401 Hawkins Point Road Building 31, Mail Stop 26, Baltimore, MD, 21226-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>58 -- Open, Repair, and Report of Radar Equipment
<SOLNBR>HSCG40-08-Q-29042
<RESPDATE>121207
<ARCHDATE>12272007
<CONTACT>Erin Mallard, CTR - Purchasing Agent, Phone 410-762-6374, Fax 410-762-6640, Email Erin.L.Mallard@uscg.mil
<DESC>This combined synopsis is hereby cancelled in its entirety and replaced with pre-solicitation notice HSCG40-08-Q-29043.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/USCGELC/HSCG40-08-Q-29042/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Homeland Security
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center
<ZIP>21226-5000
<CLASSCOD>96
<NAICS>423510
<OFFADD>Department of Homeland Security, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer, USCG Engineering Logistics Center, 2401 Hawkins Point Road Building 31, Mail Stop 26, Baltimore, MD, 21226-5000, UNITED STATES
<SUBJECT>96 -- Ingots, lead
<SOLNBR>HSCG40-08-Q-40722
<RESPDATE>121007
<ARCHDATE>12252007
<CONTACT>Linda Mannion, Purchasing Agent, Phone 410-762-6475, Fax 410-762-6008, Email Linda.A.Mannion@uscg.mil
<DESC>This amendment revises the dimensions of the ingots to read 2-3/4 inches x 3 inches x 14 inches long (triangular).  The date and time set for receipt of quotes remains unchanged.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/DHS/USCG/USCGELC/HSCG40-08-Q-40722/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</AMDCSS>


<AMDCSS>
<DATE>1204
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Langley Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>23681-0001
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334517
<OFFADD>NASA/Langley Research Center, Mail Stop 144, Industry Assistance Office, Hampton, VA 23681-0001
<SUBJECT>66--MICRO-FOCUS X-RAY CT SYSTEM
<SOLNBR>NNL08XRAYCTQ
<RESPDATE>121407
<ARCHDATE>12042008
<CONTACT>M Fran Risinger, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-864-2450, Fax 757-864-9775, Email Fran.Risinger@nasa.gov
<DESC>THIS NOTICE CONSTITUTES AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE  COMBINED SYNOPSIS/RFQ FOR A MICRO-FOCUS X-RAY CT SYSTEM.  Companies shall acknowledge all amendment(s) in their quote. This notice serves as the official amendment to subject synopsis/RFQ and a written amendment will not be issued. The purpose of this amendment is to extend the due date for receipt of offers.. The due date for receipt of offers IS extended to DECEMBER 14, 2007. Companies shall provide the information stated in the synopsis/RFQ posted on the NASA Acquisition Internet Service (NAIS) on November 20, 2007. Documents related to this procurement are available over the Internet.  These documents reside on a World Wide Web (WWW) server which may be accessed using a WWW browser application. The Internet site, or URL, for the NASA/LaRC Business Opportunities home page is http://prod.nais.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/eps/bizops.cgi?gr=D&pin=23
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/LaRC/OPDC20220/NNL08XRAYCTQ/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice </LINK>
<EMAIL>
<ADDRESS>Fran.Risinger@nasa.gov
<DESC>M Fran Risinger </EMAIL>
<SETASIDE>N/A
</AMDCSS>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0810
<YEAR>05
<AGENCY>United States Postal Service
<OFFICE>Supplies and Services Purchasing
<LOCATION>Services Purchasing (Headquarters)
<SOLNBR>2APSER-05-TECHSUPPORT
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0624
<YEAR>05
<AGENCY>United States Postal Service
<OFFICE>Supplies and Services Purchasing
<LOCATION>Services Purchasing (Headquarters)
<SOLNBR>2APSER-05-TECHSUPPORT
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0709
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management (AQM)
<SOLNBR>CC-07-HQ-R-0034a
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0627
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management (AQM)
<SOLNBR>CC-07-HQ-R-0034a
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0610
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management (AQM)
<SOLNBR>CC-07-HQ-R-0034a
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0703
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management (AQM)
<SOLNBR>CC-07-HQ-R-0034a
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0924
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Space Command
<LOCATION>21CONS (Bldg 350)
<SOLNBR>FA2517-07-T-5009
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1022
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Luke AFB Contracting Squadron
<SOLNBR>FA4887-08-R-0002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0827
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8103-07-Q-0729
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0813
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0559
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0815
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-07-R-0590
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1004
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<SOLNBR>FA8104-08-R-0043
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0927
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Hill AFB OO-ALC
<SOLNBR>FA8224-07-T-0054
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0625
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AAC - Air Armament Center
<SOLNBR>FA8681-08-R-0004
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1208
<YEAR>05
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Public Buildings Service (PBS)
<LOCATION>Property Development Division, Design & Construction Contracting Branch (10PCC)
<SOLNBR>GS-10P-04-LTC-0033
<AWDNBR>GS-10P-06-LTC-3005
<LINENBR>0001 - Design Phase Services
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1026
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>Office of the Secretary of Defense
<LOCATION>Defense Microelectronics Activity
<SOLNBR>H94003-08-R-0002
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0129
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0201
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0214
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1207
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1227
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0109
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0122
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1019
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0309
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0227
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Information Systems Agency
<OFFICE>Procurement and Logistics
<LOCATION>DITCO-Scott
<SOLNBR>HC1013-06-R-2030
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0919
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Institute of Museum and Library Services
<OFFICE>Office of the Director
<LOCATION>Office of Contract Services
<SOLNBR>IMLS-RFP-07-003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1004
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Institute of Museum and Library Services
<OFFICE>Office of the Director
<LOCATION>Office of Contract Services
<SOLNBR>IMLS-RFP-07-003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Institute of Museum and Library Services
<OFFICE>Office of the Director
<LOCATION>Office of Contract Services
<SOLNBR>IMLS-RFP-07-003
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1113
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Contracting Office/Lexington
<SOLNBR>LX-0100-08
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0618
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Strategic Systems Programs
<LOCATION>SSP
<SOLNBR>N00030-08-Q-0005
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0419
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Strategic Systems Programs
<LOCATION>SSP
<SOLNBR>N00030-08-Q-0010
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1015
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Air Systems Command
<LOCATION>Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst
<SOLNBR>N68335-08-R-0014
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0921
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>General Services Administration
<OFFICE>Federal Supply Service (FSS)
<LOCATION>Southwest Supply Center (7FL)
<SOLNBR>QSDACEB-Z4-07-2320
<AWDNBR>QSDACEB-Z4-07-2320
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0908
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>Acquisitions Branch
<SOLNBR>RFP200-0940-NE
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0526
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0321
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0527
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0527
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0528
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0321
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0528
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0530
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>0320
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Energy Support Center
<SOLNBR>SP0600-07-R-0531
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1018
<YEAR>07
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management
<LOCATION>Defense Distribution Center
<SOLNBR>SP3100-08-R-0004
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


<UNARCHIVE>
<DATE>1004
<YEAR>06
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Pacific Air Forces
<LOCATION>374 CONS - Yokota
<AWDNBR>FA5209-07-P-0034
<LINENBR>0001 and 1001
<ARCHDATE>12042007
</UNARCHIVE>


