<PRESOL>
<DATE>1228
<YEAR>03
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL - PL  "Directed Energy Directorate"
<ZIP>87117
<CLASSCOD>A
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFRL - PL
<SUBJECT>A -- LIDAR APPLICATIONS FOR VEHICLES WITH ANALYSIS (LAVA)
<SOLNBR>FA9451-04-R-0001
<RESPDATE>021204
<ARCHDATE>02272004
<CONTACT>Marialyn Achille-Argaez, Contracting Officer, Phone 505 846 6876, Fax 505 846 1546, Email Marialyn.Achille-Argaez@Kirtland.AF.MIL - Garett Nelson, Contract Specialist, Phone 505 846 6877, Fax 505 846 1546, Email Garett.Nelson@Kirtland.af.mil
<DESC>NOTICE OF CONTRACT ACTION (NOCA).    THIS NOCA WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED UNDER THE NAME OF APPLICATIONS OF LIDAR FOR VEHICLES WITH ANALYSIS (ALVA), F29601-03-R-0003, AND WAS PUBLISHED IN NOVEMBER 18, 2003.  DUE TO A CHANGE IN NAME, SOLICITATION NUMBER AND RESPONSE DATE, THIS NOCA WITH ACCOMPANYING RFP IS BEING REPUBLISHED UNDER ITS NEW NAME AND NUMBER.  Contracting Point of Contact:  Marialyn Achille-Argaez, Contracting Officer, (505) 846-6876, Technical Points of Contact:  Dr. Victor Gamiz, (Active Characterization, (505) 846-4846), Dr. John Gonglewski (Tactical Fire Control and Imaging, 505-362-2731) and Ms. Laura Ulibarri (Space Situational Awareness, (505) 846-8928).  This announcement is to notify all interested parties that the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL), Directed Energy Directorate (DE), Kirtland AFB, NM at Kirtland AFB, NM anticipates releasing a solicitation FA9451-04-R-0001 on or about 29 Dec 03 for Lidar Applications for Vehicles with Analysis (LAVA).  The acquisition will be solicited on a full and open competition basis.  Proposals are due on 12 Feb 04.  No Draft Request For Proposal (DRFP) will be issued for this acquisition; however, documents contained in the RFP will be immediately uploaded on the FedBizOpps electronic posting system as they become available and may be downloaded at Internet site: http://www.eps.gov.  EPS offers automatic update notification on changes to this announcement.  Amendments, and questions and answers concerning the announcement, will be posted exclusively on FedBizOpps.  All posted information will clearly display its date of posting.  Offerors are reminded of the requirement to acknowledge all amendments in their proposal.  Upon request a site visit to the Hawaii facilities will be scheduled.  An indefinite-delivery indefinite-quantity, cost-plus-fixed-fee, task order type contract is contemplated (CPFF ID/IQ).  The contractual effort will consist of one (1) award for a contract with an ordering period of five (5) years from the date of award.  The estimated maximum contract value is $49.9M. This estimated dollar amount is subject to adjustments that may be appropriate for the Government to take full advantage of the contract ordering period. The overall security classification of the contract is expected to be SECRET. Offerors are required to state whether they are a small businesses, qualifying 8(a) businesses, or historically black college, university and minority institution.   BACKGROUND:  The Air Force Research Laboratory’s Advanced Optics and Imaging Division is seeking to acquire design, fabrication, test, evaluation, deployment of Lidars, laser radars, laser metrology, and complementary passive sensor systems in ground-based, airborne, space-borne, or special test facilities.   Included is support to USAF assets and test sites for prototyping and understanding the role of non-weapons class lasers, laser radars, laser sensing, remote sensing and measurement systems, and general imaging systems.  Program planning and mission analysis for such systems as appropriate is part of this effort.  Assets include the Maui Space Surveillance System  (MSSS); USAF’s Argus or Cobra Ball or similar aircraft; Wright-Patterson Air Force Base (WPAFB); and other DoD service facilities such as White Sands Missile Range (WSMR) and the Pacific Missile Range Facility (PMRF) at Barking Sands, Kauai. At least 20% of this effort involves support of the Maui Space Surveillance System (MSSS) on Maui, Barking Sands in Kauai, and other USAF facilities in Hawaii, such as Air Force HI-CLASS, MSSS, Maui High Performance Computing Center (MHPCC), and Remote Maui Experiment (RME) facilities on Maui, and the Barking Sands facility and the Pacific Missile Range Facility (PMRF) on Kauai.  In partial fulfillment of this requirement, the qualifying contractor will be required to obtain office space in support of  facilities on both Maui and Kauai.  The goal of this effort is to establish a technology base for field demonstrations of advanced sensor systems suitable for ground-based, airborne, and space-borne missions, and technology development and demonstration at MSSS for imaging and remote target sensing and characterization.  Special interest will be shown to innovative technology approaches for high fidelity: remote acquisition, tracking, sensing, imaging, characterization, and differentiation of ground, airborne and space targets, especially small, dim, distant targets, or targets in low contrast environments; and laser beam control and fire control. These targets will be observed from ground and airborne platforms, in various combinations, with system designs making significant use of commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) elements.  Work will provide technical analysis and engineering support for R&D activities in technology areas such as: (1) Technology and systems development, prototyping and deployment of airborne and space borne laser radars for ranging, imaging, ground terrain imaging, chemical detection, surveillance, target acquisition, characterization and designation, communications and ancillary military applications, which could include an unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV’s) demonstration.  A key requirement for these systems is accurate beam control and fire control to maintain a high quality beam on the target consistent with mission requirements. System design must accommodate weight, volume, flight worthiness and power consumption constraints;  (2) Technology and systems development for a real-time, high-resolution tracking testbed laser radar system for acquisition, precision imaging, characterization and differentiation of space and ballistic objects. Imaging shall include the ability to perform coherent imaging and perform simultaneous range and velocity measurements for range Doppler imaging when applicable.  This includes systems development, analysis, field demonstrations and prototype deployment on the large aperture AEOS telescope and the Laser Beam Director (LBD) to serve as a state-of-the-art special R&D test facility. Initial demonstrations will be performed using the existing HI-CLASS laser radar, with a development path shown to a more capable system for 3d imaging, vibrometry, and polarimetry involving other laser types.  This testbed includes field demonstrations from the LBD down to the RMS site that emulate airborne sensing scenarios.  (3) Technology and component development of solid state and CO2 lasers, and sensors, to support development of systems described in (1) and (2) above.  For (1)-(3) above, work shall include  modeling and analysis, computer simulations, laboratory experimentation and demonstrations, mission and technology analysis,  prototyping systems and logistics for relevant USAF and DoD laser and laser radar missions. The NAICS code is 541710, size standard is 500 employees and this is an unrestricted acquisition. Foreign-owned firms are advised to contact the contracting officer prior to any proposal submission.  This acquisition may involve technology and/or may require access to Militarily Critical Technical Data that is subject to Export Control laws and regulations.  Only offerors who are registered and certified with the Defense Logistics Information Service (DLIS) may submit proposals.  The offeror is required to submit a certified copy of the DD Form 2345 with proposals.  Contact the DLIS, 74 North Washington, Battle Creek, Michigan  49016-4312 (1-800-352-3572) for further information on certification and the approval process. All offerors are reminded that the new DoD final rule implementing the Central Contracting Registration (CCR) was published in the Federal Register, Volume 63, No. 61 on 31 Mar 98.  This rule requires contractors to be registered in the CCR as of 1 Jun 98 to be eligible to receive a contract award based on solicitations issued after 31 May 98 from any DoD activity.  Firms must register on a one-time basis and annually confirm accuracy and completeness of registration information.  Instructions for CCR can be accessed at http://www.ccr.gov/.    All respondents desiring a copy of the solicitation must provide a POC, an e-mail address, telephone number, fax number business size, and assigned Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code to the following address:  Det 8 AFRL/PKDB (Attn:  Lt. Garett Nelson), Directed Energy Contracting Division, 2251 Maxwell Avenue SE, Kirtland AFB, NM 87117-5773, telephone (505) 846-6877, fax (505) 846-1546, email garett.nelson@kirtland.af.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRLPLDED/FA9451-04-R-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link to FedBizOpps document.
<POPADDRESS>TBD
</PRESOL>


